
  Seems a great gadget but the more you use it the more you realise how often Alexa is unable to provide the answer to your question  .... or how often she gives a totally unrelated answer . As a sound speaker it is fine once linked to Amazon music - Which WILL incur you a monthly subscription - Something the fail to mention on any of their advertising.


  I'm still a little conflicted . .Bought this in the black friday deals. I agree with a lot of other reviewers, the sound seems muffled.For some reason both my 3rd Gen Echo Dots have muffled sound and are very hard to hear. I think this must be a firmware problem so hopefully Amazon will rectify soon!I really hate when she starts lighting/flashing in yellow - it means I got notifications, I think that's too often as I got them every single day...


   I needn't of worried, the sound improvement between this and the older models is massive. A real hearty base and more fuller sound.The GGMM echo dot battery base is a great way of talking to people in the house without shouting. If room-filling audio for parties etc is what you want then go for the Echo Plus, however, if its background music with some base then the Dot will be absolutely fine. Check out my video review.


  Would have given it 2.5 stars  2 being a bit harsh!!But after you have read all the Hype/Adverts  and actually  Get one you realise it falls far short of your expectations.Its fun for a short while  chatting ? to a small gray Cylinder . but then once you start asking  serious things of it , well ? hmm . it does not do anything any better than my Android phone with the Alex app on it . in fact at least the phone can answer questions with pictures and texts  .In our case the Dot  Connects to our Firestick  but its use is pretty limited . and the Dot steadfastly refuses to find or connect to our philips Bluetooth speaker . could not find a way to play music from our NAS box.The  Dot having a small speaker isn't really up to music anyhow . we did find the Sound a bit plummy .Had a spotify free account for ages with a fair few playlists , but you have to get a premium account just to even communicate with Alexa .Hoped it might talk to our smart TV ..nope .Without some other device to give visuals its hopeless for Cooking/Recipes  as it drones on forever finding far too much info.  LOL.I sure it will get there in the end .. but unless your home is setup  for  controling you are  a bit limited .A fun thing with a limited amount of practical uses .Also  once you have asked it to connect and play a radio station , you cannot get it to stop , managed about once by screaming "Alex stop"  right on top of it . but most of the time it ignores you and you have to pull the plug.So all in all worth a try but its gone back to amazon.


  Bought this in the black friday deals. I agree with a lot of other reviewers, the sound seems muffled. I had to go into equaliser settings via the app and remove all the bass and up the treble and mid all the way just to make it sound 'normal'.  It is a lot larger and heavier than the 2nd gens I own. It looks nice, but stands out a lot more. We have had to shout for Alexa to hear us over music playing and the response light seems slower than the 2nd gen, e.g. dropping in on another dot, 2nd gen light turns green immediately so you know you are connected, this does not. Music sounds good through its speaker but the Alexa voice doesn't... which is disconcerting. Set up was simple with no problems. I bought with the amazon plug which was tricky to set up so I had to do via the app. So I kind of feel like I wish I had got another 2nd gen instead. In listening to the two and comparing them I can say 2nd gen Alexa voice is not smooth, but sounds fine, in making a better speaker for the 3rd gen it enhances the flaws in the voice. If you have not had a dot before go for this, if you have 2nd gens, think twice.


  Tried setting it up at home for the family. Sadly despite the instruction stating it does, it doesn't in fact allow creating voice profiles and therefore all your privacy is gone. Because Alexa thinks anyone speaking to her is you, it will read your messages via skills, will reveal your purchase history etc. Also, it's not possible to setup child accounts with age restrictions or anything like that. Sadly. I am returning mine.


  Received 2 as a Xmas pressie, so kitchen & lounge it is then.Plusses:Its voice recognition is very VERY good. Can ask about the weather, news briefing, brilliant ! Can set different timers in the kitchen (eggs, pasta, whatever), each one announces what its for. Cool ! Integrates with Hive, so can turn lights / heating on and off. Radio stations are fine, not subscribed to music so thats limited, no biggie. Can 'Announce' which does play on all speakers ('Dinners ready!'). Can ask about the bin collections.Except:You can set up a morning briefing to tell you the news minute, weather forecast, commute, on this day, joke. Sounds good. Except I'm half asleep at that time of the morning, miss half of it, re-run and listen to the tosh bit twice to try and get to the nugget I missed. Stopped using it.Timers. Bril if you STAY in the kitchen. If you forget, go in the lounge (doors closed, because winter) with the TV on, dont hear the alarm. There's probably a way to get timers to announce on all speakers, just havent found the key words yet. Maybe I should ask Alexa ?Hive. I've got lights on an Action, so turn on at sunset, on a schedule to turn off at 10.00, so dont need Alexa. Heating ditto, on a schedule AM & PM, as a home worker control the heat by Boosting for an hour if required - dont really want to outright turn on. Alexa - how do I boost ?Bins. Its part of 'My Kirklees'. Alexa, ask My Kirklees what bin is collected tomorrow. Alexa, ask Kirklees what bin is collected tomorrow. Alexa, what bin is collected tomorrow. Oh shoot, looks out the window to see what the neighbours have done. Its green . . .So. Is it good ? Yes. Is it brilliant ? No. Am I using it ? A bit. Like I said, I'm a bit conflicted . . . .


  I bought this item during the Black Friday sale (to compliment my Echo device) at the end of November and delivery was estimated at around 1 week so imagine my surprise and disappointment when it actually took over a month to arrive.ME: Alexa, where is my Echo Dot (3rd Gen) parcel?ALEXA: it's being dispatched and will be with you by the 5th Dec.....a week later....ME: Alexa, where is my Echo Dot (3rd Gen) parcel?ALEXA: it has been dispatched and can no longer be changed, however, the delivery date is now the 31st Dec. Did that answer your question?ME: Yes - that is an awfully long delay! Why has it been delayed so much - it's supposed to be a Christmas present!ALEXA: hmm, I don't know that one - can I sing you a Christmas song?ME: Yes, can you sing the song that goes like this - "WHY DID YOU NOT TELL ME THERE WAS SUCH A HUGE DELAY UNTIL AFTER I HAD ORDERED THE ITEM!!"ALEXA: because you may have gone elsewhere and Amazon would not have got your money. You sound tense, would you like a back rub?......if only.....On the positive side, after finally receiving the Echo Dot, I can confirm that the sound is far superior to the previous generation and almost on par with the full blown Echo itself. It is great for listening to music and online radio which is what I mainly use it for.Setup is painful though, mainly due to the fact that the app is so very slow to respond!I do like the Amazon devices but feel there is lots of room for improvement and the setup should be much quicker.Multi-room is also hit and miss - I have now disabled it as I would be speaking to the Dot in the living room and getting a response from the Echo in the kitchen. Not sure why and gave up troubleshooting it after an hour or so.I would recommend the Echo Dot but be prepared for some pain initially.


  For some reason both my 3rd Gen Echo Dots have muffled sound and are very hard to hear.  I think this must be a firmware problem so hopefully Amazon will rectify soon!  The reason I think its a firmware problem is because when I get Alex to read one of my kindle books for example, any adjustments I make to the equaliser on the app actually makes a difference and the sound is ok, I do have to put the Bass level to its lowest and the Mid and trebble to maximum, BUT the moment I ask her to stop or pause reading and ask her a question, the audio goes back to muffled again! its as though the settings on the equalizer are being over-ridden??? when she resumes reading again the sound is ok again and back to MY audio settings.Surely the equaliser should effect ALL  audio coming from the device, not just music and kindle books. When I ask her a question, I want to be able to hear to answer!Wish I bought the 2nd gen ones again now, as they at least sound crystal clear.I look forward to a firmware update Amazon, or I'll have to send these back!


  Tempted by Black Friday I got one. Very impressed so got another two and created one stereo pair aswell which sounds great. The smart bulbs were on offer to and we got a few to try out. Bit of a faff but eventually got the living room sorted. However, despite the routine being clearly labelled as "Living Room" the devices (4 eventually) also activate the lights in the "Bedroom" and in my daughters room even though each one is in a separate group and each one has a different named routine. Changed the bedroom group name to "lights" to avoid confusion and still came on every time the living room was activated. So I had to delete all the groups except Living Room and also the connected routine so I have 2 sets of smart bulbs that work as standard lights but not as the smart device they should be. Also worth noting that if you like the music side which is very good considering the size of the dot you need to pay for Amazon Music or Spotify on a monthly basis and the fact that a stereo pair counts as 2 devices stinks.I will be cancelling the music service after the trial so likely the Dots will all end up back in their boxes. The whole thing is a bit of a waste of timeEdit - as the upstairs devices started ignoring commands  I cut my losses and returned all 4 having already cancelled the music sub. If they don't work 100% of the time there's little point. After the novelty wears off there's not much use left


  Day 3 of using the Amazon Dot. It doesn't seem to be hearing me & gets stuck . The honeymoons over and it seems to need to be unplugged then plugged in again quite a bit. Rather annoying..


  Good product. Big improvement over the 2nd gen Dot. only had 2 issues1. The volume even on low is pretty high still. So much so I moved this one to the living room and my Main Echo back to my bedroom ( I listen to music to fall asleep too)2. I’ve tried and and tried and it won’t let me change the wakeword. It’s says updating on the app for about a minute then returns to AlexaHoping a future software update cures both issues


  I can't complain really as we were given a code to get the Echo dot free by Hive, upon purchasing a new boiler.Having heard colleges talking about the Amazon, Apple and Google smart speakers, I was curious. It is quite useful, once linked to our hive it controls the heating, the list creator and planner/scheduler are handy, as are weather forecast, traffic alerts and so on.However I am really disappointed and the reason for two stars. That it has some major flaws in the voice command software. On occasions it will do exactly as asked and then suddenly using exactly the same command it will not. For example, Alexa open (or play) ESPN sports radio. Worked ok the first time then 24 hours later, same command it came up with trying to open the US Open tennis on our fire stick. Which lead to shouts from down stairs as the family were in the middle of a film. Also the same happens with other radio stations, including ones that are saved as favourites on my Tune in radio account, which I have linked with the Alexa app. Yet even after cutting my Tune in account to two saved favourites Alexa is not able to find either of them.It is not just radio, it often will not find playlist from my Amazon music account. I have tired renaming them to make it clearer and whilst it cut down the issue, it still every now and then will give me my thrash metal playlist when I asked for my Chill out playlist. Also I one night, whilst going to sleep I asked Alexa play lapping surf sounds. It was not able to recognise the request (which was fair enough), using a number of commands I finally got what I wanted with play sea sounds. However a week later when i tried the same command again, it could not find what I was looking for and this time beach sounds was the command that worked the next day neither of the previous commands worked and the sound of waves worked. Great as by the time you find a command that works, the frustration has accomplished exactly the opposite of the relaxing effect that I was seeking from sound of the seaI have tired Alexa that is not what I asked for and it responds than you for letting me know or I will learn from my mistake (or words to that effect). Alas it does not and the will make the same error 20 second later when asked again. Having tried save this station as a favourite and other similar command, looking at the Alexa app I can find no way to save them, so just have to hope that the device is feeling cooperative each time I want to get the station I actually want.


  I previously had Echo Dot (2nd Gen) which I really liked. I liked the genre 2 versions, because they were compact and very flexible on how you can use them. They were easy to mount in different positions and because they used a fairly standard USB interface for power, you could be really flexible about how and where you mounted them. The only thing that really escaped them? Known sound quality.In Echo Dot (3rd Gen) I like the sound improvement, which is a little better than the previous generation, but still leaves something better to be desired. He looks better than gender 2, but loses little of the personality he had gender 2.With type 2, you could buy different wrappers, supports, clock supports, wall supports, etc. You can really customize. Genus 3 is slightly larger and has a much more rounded shape. Although it makes it look better on its own, it lacks the ability to truly personalize it. It certainly wouldn't work as a power outlet, as you might do with type 2.In Echo Dot (3rd Gen) the power cord and adapter is horrible. The power adapter is twice as large as type 2, and the power cord has moved away from the easy-to-find USB cable in an old-fashioned input style and is permanently attached to the power adapter. This is really the biggest complaint, because it took you so much flexibility that you could enjoy Echo Dot (2nd Gen).In general it is a pretty good product, only the company will work on improving this product.


  I've had Alexa for some time now and really enjoyed the experience but unfortunately she responds to hearing her name regardless of who is speaking. Just recently neighbours decided to have a party in their garden and weather being so hot the only possible way to breathe is to have all doors and windows open. This party going on outside at night was very loud anyway and I heard at least 3 voices call out for the volume to be turned down which was completely ignored by the people having the party. Now I have absolutely no problem with anyone having a bit of fun and having the occasional party but what I do object to is when their party is bought into my home. Everyone at this party were shouting out every 30 seconds to Alexa to play different things. Others in the area couldn't even listen to the music because we never heard more than the first line of each song. AND GUESS WHAT ALEXA DOES WHEN SHE HEARS HER NAME? YES YOU GOT IT SHE DOES WHAT SHE IS BEING ASK TO DO! In the end I had to unplug my Alexa because it became unbearable and I was feeling very distressed by the whole thing and eventually I stood in my garden and shouted to Alexa to shut up in the hope that these people might just realise they they were operating every eco dot in the surrounding area and all I got was a load of abuse thrown at me, it's a great pity that some people are not just inconsiderate but also rude and selfish with it.I guess this is something that Amazon never considered when creating Alexa!


  I got the echo dot (gen 3) using a voucher. Most of the features are of no use to me, I wanted it primarily for the "Drop in" and "Alexa guard" features.First off, the Alexa Guard is only available to USA users - oh well.Then, the Drop in feature takes at least 39 seconds to connect (i've tried all the troubleshooting tips the internet has to offer) and my internet connection is consistently at 50Mbps or above over wifi.If you're contemplating between this and google home mini / nest mini and aren't too bothered about being able to order stuff off amazon easily... go for the google home mini. i've been using that for my home system for about a year now and it's been working a treat.I do like that Alexa offers uk customers the option to set languages and accents - a feature google assist doesn't offer in the uk. and the echo dot (3rd gen) does have a 3.5mm output for connecting to a better speaker. but the two devices are the same price in the uk... in my opinion the google home mini offers more features and has better sound quality.


  This is a slight reworking of my Echo review. I’ve not been an early adopter of these products.  Couldn’t really see what this did that my iPhone didn’t but when they were half price last Black Friday I took the plunge and bought an echo and 3 dots.  I’d wanted the ability to play music around the house conveniently without too much hassle and this was considerably less costly than Sonos.  Also have a lot of smart bulbs and sockets  and though Apple HomeKit works well off my iPhone iPad and Apple Watch I found voice commands via Siri were hit and miss.  On the first count  as speakers I’m satisfied.  They work well in that function and though you might get better sound quality with more expensive speakers the output and quality I get from Echo and Dot I have no complaints about as I also don’t with the connectivity around the house which works well.  As for its use as a smart home hub it’s ok.  For voice commands it’s slightly better than Siri but far from flawless and sometimes clunky.  A lot of it’s other “abilities’ are purely novelties and no better than what my iPhone can do.  In some ways far less in fact, my phone will automatically shuffle playlists if I want, whereas Alexa doesn’t, so the first song for any setup routine is always the same and I then have to tell it to Shuffle.  Also I have apps on my phone that will give me real-time updates on tube lines, surprisingly Alexa doesn’t yet have that functionality, and it’s local knowledge generally aside from the weather seems less than what I can get off my phone.  In fairness there’s no reason why as a product it won’t improve over time. As an addition to the home it’s fine, I tend to mix and match now with my phone depending on what’s most convenient at that moment, I don’t regret buying it but it hasn’t revolutionised my life, just made a few things a bit more accessible or provided an additional way to interact.  At half price I’m happy with the purchase but wouldn’t have paid full!  If you’re planning on buying an echo then you really should buy multiple dots as well as the shared music connectivity is one of its major plus points, and otherwise you just have a device that works in one room and why that’s better than the device you carry in your pocket is beyond me.


  I brought the echo dot as l enjoy listening to the radio and audi books.Don’t get me wrong the idea is clever but it has too many issues to warrant the £49.99 price tag and if l hadn’t of got it half price l would of returned it.It seems to struggle with my accent (Posh Dorset ) I often have to keep asking Alexa over and over again to do something and end up giving up as she doesn’t get it correct.It won’t play our local radio station (which is a pretty well known station).I find l often have to use the app to get it to do what l want.It has randomly started playing a couple of times in the night over the last few months. (I don’t think anyone is sleep talking )The alarm doesn’t always work (thanks for that Alexa l live rushing to get the kids or going to work with out brushing my hair, clearly she thinks l need the rest)What l like is you can set it to turn off after a set time so great if your falling asleep.The sound quality is good for such a small device.It’s small and looks stylish.


  Not quite the blinding virtual assistant I hoped for. Works ok about two thirds of the time but seems to have trouble waking up in the morning ...quite often have to get up and reset before it'll respond to commands. Same with connecting automatically with my Bose via Bluetooth ..ok about half the time , otherwise it's a rather laggy journey via the app.Maybe I got an Alexa with an "elderly person" algorithm ... she has said she's having trouble hearing me a couple of times. And please (!) just because I'm 65 it doesn't mean that I want to listen to Beatles playlists as a default!!!! Sound quality not too bad.Well, they say you have to work at a relationship...maybe if I get her flowers things'll look up!?!?!?


  I was very pleased with my Echo Dot ( I initially had a minor problem that customer service were very helpful in resolving), however, perhaps I expected too much of it as it has its limitations and I am not quite sure why Alexa constantly cannnot do what I have asked.  1) I listen to relaxation tapes from Audible, to help me to sleep at night. However, Alexa repeatedly will not play the requested track.  e.g. I say “Alexa, play me Stress Relief from Audible”, Alexa says “playing you Snake Drums from Apple Music”. This can happen multiple times before either I give up, or Alexa finally plays what I have asked it to. 2) Alexa is often unable to find music, books that I have in my library.  3) Alexa will often interrupt me if a book, or track title is too long, and will play something completely different.  4) Alexa cannot reliably turn off sockets when I ask it do. It often says “ok when I ask it to turn my ‘multi socket on, or off but does nothing! I have to have a lamp on my multi socket so that I can visually see if it has turned my socket on or off. 5) I like Spanish music but I am often unable to ask Alexa to play it. I often manually put a track on of an artist I want to listen to, then ask Alexa who the artist is and then try to repeat her mispronunciation to request the them verbally - this works with some artists, but not others


  Let's be honest, setup of this device is annoying. It just would not connect to my wifi. No reason why, no troubleshoot. After 20 minutes of entering and re-entering the same correct wifi password I noticed the bluetooth had two connections to choose from. The default one was incorrect. This is odd but immediately clicked on the second option and bingo. After that the dot has been fairly fun to use. Sound quality is very good. It has a surprising full bassy sound to it for its size. The voice recognition is very good and understands everyone in the house. Loading the "skills" some work well, "rock, paper , scissor"and "true or false" for example where others like "would you rather" just crash. Some things you need to subscribe to but you can get music from different decades for free. Setting up Alexa to your profile, you can say "alexa, good morning" and get weather, travel to work, headlines and agenda for the day. You can set alarms and shopping lists. There is much more to do on this device and I am still discovering more but with multiple ecuo dots you can spread them around the house and control them as a group to listen to music, turn your lights on or off or even control your heating (third party adapters required). For £24, it is a bargain although I had it as a gift so bonus! One warning, if you have kids I recommend turning off the allow purchasing in the settings.


  When it works, it's great. When it doesn't it's absolutely frustrating.Positives:Decent sound for the size.Plays various genres of music on command, as well as radio stations.Can use to make phone calls, free!Very sensitive microphone(s).Negatives:Voice recognition needs a lot of work.Backend system always seems to go down, meaning commands aren't recognised or Alexa says not possible.Constantly trying to up-sell me Amazon Prime Music; on the Dot as well as in the apps.I've found the voice recognition to be hit and miss sometimes, even when pronounced clearly. E.g. "Can you dial America?" is recognised as "Can you die of America?" and other variations. That's just one example of many problems I've had.I spend the first two weeks trying to create a music playlist, then trying to add songs to it I was listening to. It just didn't want to do it. One day it finally worked. I managed to get two songs on it. Last night I tried to add a third that I was listening to. It wouldn't let me, saying that I wasn't playing a song.I'm not the only one with problems. There's a Facebook support group for Alexa device owners, and there are constant posts about things Alexa should be doing but doesn't.I suspect a lot of the problems may be with the high sales they've had recently with Black Friday and Christmas time, with this being a heavy load on their systems. Amazon seriously need to invest more in their systems now.The microphone(s) are great. The Dot can hear me in the next room giving commands even with the music on fairly loud.


  The echo dot is more of a push to sell other services possibly.For the most part they work great as a novelty, but they don't replace a good hi-fi system, or your collection of CDs/Mp3s if you're buying one or two for music.It can be quite difficult to list a whole song title and album and be understood.The limitation of having to buy a family plan for £15 pm, feels a bit pricey to be able to play individual tracks on each device separately through the house. Everyone in our house already has CDs/Mp3 players.For the size though, the sound quality is very good with lots of bass - no idea where it comes from! Incredible for such a small speaker.On the information side use of Alexa, it can be a little hit or miss and often, such as local businesses have up and gone, but Alexa still think the restaurant that went 2 years ago are still open. It's not really Alexa's fault, just where the info is pulled from. Google Assistant fairs better.We found that after having bought several dot 3s on Black Friday 2019, that they don't often work continuously. After a days use you'll typically have to turn them off at the mains as Alexa gets confused and the red light sticks and nothing works.Having bought them Cheap on Black Friday, they were hoid value. We probably would never have paid more though.They're fun, but still a bit of a novelty - they could also use up a lot of bandwidth depending on use.


  Love the music, however alexa seems somewhat deaf at times, iam getting fed up with having to raise voice a lot so she hears and understand, shes had trouble finding linton kwesi jonston? kept giving me linton crazy, alexa is driving me nuts, lol. Disappointed no story of my life, by Mike Preston.HOWEVER LOVE THE MOZART MUSIC REALLY RELAXING, LOADS OF OTHER RELAXING MUSIC TOO, MY NIECES TOLD ME ABT ASKING ALEXA TO PLAY DIFFERENT TYPES OF FARTS, THAT WAS V FUNNY INPMP, LOL. SHAME ALEXA STILL TELLING ME THE TEMPERATURE AS IN ENGLAND 50, WHEN IT WAS ONLY 9%, I RANG AMAZON, WHO SAID THEY WOULD SORT IT IN 48 HOURS, THEN THE GUY RANG BACK ASKED ME TO UNPLUG ALEXA THEN PLUG HER IN AGAIN, BUT ALEXA STILL TELLING ME 49 IN WEYMOUTH ENGLAND WHEN 9% OR LESS.Alexa tells me when amazon orders are due, sure i will find many other things she can help with, when i asked who the queen of england was she didnt know that.As alexa only cost me £22 not £49 i have a bargain really, i stayed up the whole night the first night i plugged her in.Alexa plays more music when u subscribe.Overall v pleased with purchase, glad daughter sorted it out for me to start with, we had to move alexa nearer the modem to down load and set app up, but took abt 20mins b4 we found this out.


  Echo is good but didn't receive the 3 months free Amazon Music as promised - my transaction failed on the first attempt to purchase so I used another card, and unbeknown to me it sent an automated thing through to my email saying my music subscription was cancelled (before it even started) cause the card failed - even though I had used a new card 5 mins later to complete the transaction properly. So when the purchase went through the second time, it didn't give me the Music as it classed me as a prior customer! I contacted Amazon to ask them to restart the free music subscription as that was advertised as part of the purchase - and so terms of purchase apply - but they said they did not have the authority to do it?! Absolutely rubbish customer service and speaking to them for hours came to no solution. The only thing they offered was for me to pay for the subscription each month at £7.99 a time and then email them each month to get a refund and explain what had happened - every time for 3 months in a row?! As if it was my error so I had to do the groundwork. No thanks. Would rather not invest in their Amazon music for that as who knows if they would actually refund it. In the end I found a separate offer to get Amazon Music for cheap for 3 months so bought that but Amazon should have paid for it! When the 3 months are up I'll just go with Spotify now as I don't want to give Amazon my custom. Sort your customer service out Amazon!!


  I bought the echo dot as some colleagues were extremely positive about theirs, and I think the ad showing a blind lady using one is really appealing, so thought I’d give it a try. I was very impressed with how easy it was to start and set up. It was also very quick. Once you have the app and the voice recognition working, off you go. The dot also looks good - neat and the sand colour is attractive - and there’s a snazzy multicoloured light that lets you know it’s on. My trouble with it is that although I think it’s really clever, personally I really didn’t see the point of me having one.... I sent it back after a few hours of ‘playing’ with it because I didn’t see how it would be or do anything different for me than devices and apps I already have. My phone seems to do all these things anyway, so unless I had my lighting connected (which I don’t), or I wanted to do all my shopping on Amazon (which I don’t), I didn’t really see that I’d use it much at all. Perhaps it’s an age thing but I can find recipes, listen to music, hear the news, find my route, know what the weather is etc without asking Alexa. It’s a novelty to have a mini robot answer you, but one I can live without, sorry Amazon.


  I got the first one of these for free and was curious about it. After a few months of using it with very little problems, i purchased a further two. Still a good product for listening to music throughout the house, without having to turn it up and for hearing the front door if don't have phone with me (Ring doorbell). But with a highlander accent, Alexa seems to have difficulty understanding what i'm saying, even if i pronounce each letter of the word. Random words can activate her to. Her skills apps are temperamental, i have had my phone connected to them before, and now it wont connect even though it says it is. For a smart home, she can control quite a lot of apps to assist, for example, lights, certain smart tv's, thermostats, but these need to be compatible with Alexa.  When music is playing at a moderately loud volume, you have to shout and scream at her for her to hear you which is annoying, even if you time it perfect at a quiet moment of the song. Her voice recognition can be iffy at best, most of the time she recognises you, then all of a sudden she decides to ask who she is speaking to. The dot has a poor bass quality for songs compared to the echo. Overall, she is good for most things, but can be frustrating when have a broad accent or when playing music and want her attention. Not the best for music, but would be on par with most generic car stereo systems.


  What have Amazon done to these devices?When we first got our first Alexa Echo device it was good. It sounded good and responded to our requests without issue, even across a noisy room.4 x Echos/Dots later and Amazon have screwed up these devices. Even our brand new one struggles to hear basic commands in a quiet room, when it does hear us it often gets the request wrong. Other times it just doesn't do anything.I work in I.T. for 20 years so have some knowledge with these things. So, resetting the devices make no difference, clearing voice history makes no difference, our internet connection is a very well working 80Meg connection uses high end equipment.Nor is the issue dust because our new units are crap too. So that leaves hardware or software, both Amazon design choices which have screwed up these units.Summary: Poor microphone sensitivity, poor recognition.


  I bought this Alexa primarily to play different music stations from around the world and to get random bits of information, give me reminders etc I have been really disappointed at how many times I get the response 'I don't know that one', I can't find ......... , I don't understand etc. or it just shuts off half way through trying to get it to do something. The sound quality seems muffled and even when I do get it to play something, the range it offers seems very limited and it keeps reverting to Amazon only products. surely this is not the point? Also when another Alexa user tried to call me it won't connect. Very disappointed!!! Now I see there is a new model out with a domed speaker. maybe they were trying to get rid of these as the sound quality was not very good???


  There is not enough information about how to ask for things.  I thought I would be able to request songs from my Amazon Prime playlists or my purchased Amazon music.  I thought it would be able to change channels on my TV, but although it appears to be linked, it doesn't appear to be able to do anything other than switch off.  This is a new LG TV bought on the same day.Handy for timing eggs though!I've not got the app on my phone, because I never turn my smartphone on except when I'm on holiday - I use the computer 8-16 hours a day, so no need to waste money on a smartphone.  I have the App on my Amazon Fire and on my laptop.  Can't find anything to help the situation.I didn't really need an echo - I just thought I ought to get something like that while I'm young enough to learn how to use one, but it has even beaten my IT working son!  Perhaps it is the TV which is incompatible, but we were told they would work together.


  Just started using this. I bought it to lay my music at night. I like the fact that you can set a timer to shut it off, and there is no clunky noise to wake you up again. I have found out that it will not play all of my Amazon music, it tells me I have to pay for Amazon Prime music, when I have the album already. If you buy a physical CD that you cannot download, it wont play it! My rating may rise if I find out exactly what it's capabilities are in future. I didn't buy it to switch appliances off and on for me as I am capable of doing that myself :)


  Sound quality is fine but there's a very steep learning curve to get it to do what you want.  Some things (playing a particular bit of music for instance) it does very well, others are quite abysmal.  Ask, for instance, for BBC Radio 3 and it will give you an amazing selection of other things with no apparent connection to what you asked for.The Alexa app is an absolute mess.  No coherent structure or predictable way to find any particular setting.  You just have to keep wandering around in it until you find what you want.  It fails abysmally in that it doesn't explain how the designers were thinking  - you have to keep guessing to try to work out what their mindset was.  Horribly confused and really badly put together.Some things are really weirdly deficient.  For instance, you can get it to start up BBC iPlayer on an attached Fire Stick, but you can't then get beyond the "who is viewing?" page.  Why offer the facility at all if it's unusable?  There is no clear way to distinguish in your instructions between playing something on your telly and something on your Echo Dot.The whole thing desperately needs someone with vision to address the useability.  At the moment it's a question of guessing - sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't, but there's no way of knowing what it will and won't manage to do.  In particular, integration between different Amazon devices at anything other than the trivial level ("switch light on", "switch light off") is really poor.


  Using alexa every day. Coz there is million reviews on this product I'll not going to describe same thing ... BUT! There is 1 thing what i noticed. My first echo what i bought few months ago is same as this one 3rd gen. But have different model. I'm assuming they upgraded it but left it on same 3rd gen. Why would you hid that you upgrade something?I hadn't had any problems except when i bought second one i had problem with setting up for first time. It didn't allow me to connect through wifi. But since soon as i did that i didn't had any problems with it. It responses good even tho i have odd voice and strong enough accent. I had it  for pennies just before new echo dot been released


  UPDATE...I have had to drop my review by a couple of stars. In order to plug he gap in songs on Amazon Prime I wanted to upload my own collection of songs to the Amazon music library. Apparently this used to be a an available feature which Amazon have now discontinued to make you shell out increased cash to access music unlimited. It's actually more likely to make me look for an alternative service that includes this function so I can bin the Anazon PrimeOk I admit I'm a convert. Having sworn I didn't need one of these I finally succumbed.Firstly the sound quality is pretty reasonable as a stand alone device, certainly better than I was expecting. However mating it to a quality bluetooth speaker is the way to go. it's simple to do and it remembers the pairing every time.I'm also reasonably impressed with the amount of music included with Amazon Prime. It's not exhaustive but it generally has what you want.Alexa responds well and understands commands impressively. However I do wish it wouldn't keep trying to sell me Amazon music unlimited every time I ask for a song not included in Prime.For £29.99 this is a fabulous device and, if you have other good quality speakers to connect to, hands down the best way to get into the world of Alexa


  Overall I do like the item.  I also appreciate Amazon sending me emails with things to ask Alexa.  It integrates well with my other appliances.  Its basic function is good for things like asking the time, date, temperature, weather outside both today and on other days, also asking about items you have purchased from Amazon and there expected delivery is brilliant.  At first I didn't realise what the flashing yellow light was until I asked it and it explained it was the delivery notice.  The only drawback I can see is that beyond the basics if you want anything to happen such as 'Spotify' which it says you can get, you have to subscribe.  It does play music but only Amazon programmes which I have to say are very good, but unless you want to pay it does very little else.  Having said that for the price it is good especially if you are in bed at night and want to know the time or whether it is raining and don't want to turn the light on or setting a wake up alarm or even scheduling appointments it's great  As I said for the basics you can't beat it well worth the money.


  A handy little gadget and it looks very smart. Plays music & answers questions and is a useful timer when needed. It is obviously listening to every word I say - looking for the key word (Alexa) so that it can respond. And there lies the big question; if you say words like ‘bomb’ or ‘terrorist’ and similar words are they noted and relayed to the security services - is Big Brother watching us. Perhaps it makes a note of what you buy or talk about buying or maybe what you cook or eat so the information can be sold on to advertisers.It makes me wonder. It makes me uncomfortable.


  I already have an Echo dot V2 which works fine, only got this as it had a half price offer and has better stand alone sound.Echo Dot (3rd Gen) was appalling to set up, would not set up on any mobile device with the app, problem seems to be it starts the setup, says its connected but then turns off its wifi (which your phone is temporarily connecting with) so the phone goes back to your normal wifi and the app looses connection so just sits at 'Attempting to connect to echo. This may take a minute!!' and gets no further, after some time the Echo gives up and resets, so you have to start all over again!To get the thing working I had to use my PC with the alexa browser app ( https://alexa.amazon.co.uk/spa/index.html ) as the PC has both wired and wifi connections the wifi interrupt was not an issue and setup that time was fairly quick! Though by that time I was was extremely  fed-up with having to hear all those voice prompts in lots of languages over and over again. As I already had devices setup on my account why couldn't Amazon pass the details to my new device and avoid all the headaches.Note the browser app does not provide all the options and settings on the phone app, its time Amazon got things simplified, to use alexa properly you need to use the alexa app and the amazon music app and the browser music app ( https://music.amazon.co.uk ) If it was properly thought out you could do everything in one app.Clearly the 3rd gen device is still in beta and not really ready for release, yet again Amazon are expecting their customers to beta test their products.Please be aware echo uses the Bing (Microsoft) search engine, so searches are rubbish (most common phrase: I don't know that  one! ' there is no real option to use google, so its great for streaming music/radio but not much else.Not recommended till Amazon fix the bugs.


  I mainly bought this to use as a speaker, which work really well. It’s just a shame it’s not that great at doing what I want it to with the music. I regularly have to ask her to play a specific playlist several times before she actually does and then she refuses to shuffle it properly. Only ever playing it from the song at the beginning and shuffling the next 5 or songs from the one playing at the time. Quite annoying as my playlist is long so I’m not always listening to the same 5 songs. As Alexa wants me too. She also plays the same songs after asking her to skip it, I listened to a song five times in the space of around 20 minutes even though I kept asking to skip it.The reminders work well and so the alarms, they’re easy to set up but would be nice to change the tune. I prefer waking up to some music but have settled with setting her to play the routine of having music play for 30 minutes after I turn off the alarm.Overall it is worth it for a lot of things but for what I want it to do it is a glorified speaker which needs improvement.


  I love the idea of the dot and the things its say it can do, however voice recognition is not that great and it doesn't do as asked half the time when I have to repeat commands about a half a dozen times to get what I want (and sometimes even longer).I have connected lamps and these appear to be ok so far, fingers crossed.I brought 2 for a more stereo feel, well trying to get Alexa to play in this mode is like banging your head against the wall ( I nearly threw them out the window).I think that when voice pairing with Alexa you should have the option of pairing just your voice and not other peoples. That could be a option as well. I think this causes most of the problems. I don't know how she recognises voices but I don't talk with an accent perhaps that's the problem???Generally I am disappointed with this product. Although there are some good features.


  Regarding Dot 3, my review is that it's a good Alexa device but I really wish it had aux in (has only aux out) and that I could programme the Action button to call a specific phone number.Really any review of an Alexa device is a review of Alexa. Honestly I got my first Dot 3 free with Hive. After several weeks, I opened the box.Alexa is personable and moderately useful.  However, it's only as good as its skills and, frankly,  at least 95% of Skills are, at best,  amusing but useless and, largely, just useless.That said, the Sonos integration is good enough, while Hive integration is also good. Compared to Google Assistant,  I'd say it wins on flexibility because of Skills even though nearly all Skills are crap and any good ones are nearly impossible to find unless you know already know what they are.I have a couple of VERY specific use cases which means I've bought a few more.Alexa is a smart speaker system. Don't expect too much and you'll be content. Also, it might get better eventually.Remember that AI is a tool... it's not your friend.  No matter how many smart speakers you buy, Alexa will not actually like you.


  The Echo Dot is a funny little device that has a long way to go before it can be added to the list of HiFi equipments or to the list of must have. The voice recognition is poor to fair. The AI is poor and will not understand most requests that are not mindful of its limitations. The music quality is very bad: (1) what comes out of the speakers is a tiny sound below LoFi quality, and (2) when you plug high end headphones directly into the unit, the sound is so distorted that it’s almost unbearable (I tried it with Sennheiser Momentum 2.0). Why did I buy the unit ? There are two ways that are acceptable to use the Echo Dot: (1) as a bed side radio and alarm clock, or (2) plugged into a mid range HiFi system that will essentially equalise and reamplify the source to produce a reasonable sound via its speakers. So, what is a good price for the Echo Dot given its limitations ? The £25 I paid for the Echo Dot 3 at the last round of sales from Amazon seems like a pretty full price to me.


  Set up is easy, and Alexa can do all the things that we've all now come to expect from voice commands.  Siri was groundbreaking - now it seems expected.  And, for me, Alexa performs the worst out of the three big voice command services (Google, Siri, Alexa)It misunderstands me most, even after voice training.  Simple commands, like cancelling a timer which was misheard, becomes a 5 minute hassle and you find yourself arguing with it.The sound quality isn't as good as my Google Home.  But it's adequate for its size.Typically from Amazon, it boasts tremendous integration to the shopping experience; allowing you to spend your money with Amazon so much easier.  How convenient!Once in a while, I ask it about the weather.  Otherwise, it's just an expensive egg timer.


  Basically it's ok.  Would I recommend it?  Probably not.  The sound is pretty poor and very muffled.  I bought a small bluetooth speaker (recommended by 'Which', btw, not Amazon "Sponsored" or "Best Buy") which does help clear the sound a little.  However, one or other of the devices drops the Bluetooth link every now and again and then the Alexa App "Can't find" the speaker.  And, what is more, the Echo Dot doesn't "remember" the connection after being turned off (i.e. going quiet, ready to be awoken, not completely powered off).  Also, the Alexa App refuses to adjust the Echo Dot volume - it can only do that when "audio is playing", it says, but actually it won't do it even when audio is playing.So, not impressive.  If this had been better I might have bought the Echo 'big brother' but I won't do that now.


  Bought this in the hope it could control Philips Hue bulbs and I could easily program them to come on and off at specific times ie an hour after sunset and then off at say 11pm. No such luck as Alexa requires me to build up a library of routines . The Philips Hue BT app is not a smart app but a remote control that allows me to switch off and on as well as dimming the bulbs. To control them without Alexa I need a £40 hub so until I understand how to create routines with Alexa I will have to stick to my £7.99 time switch. The Echo Dot is fine it's just not doing what I hoped it would do.Also what contributed to the 3 * review was the fact that Amazon delivered this and left the parcel on my front door step in the rain and in full view of the public footpath. Just as well it wasn't stolen otherwise the tea leaf would have had some soggy Philips Hue lightbulbs and an Amazon Echo.


  There is far too much base on the speaker.  It is difficult to tell what Alexa says sometimes and it rattles the shelf its on.  For asking questions, like the time and who are Massive Wagons, the 2nd Gen was much clearer to hear.However, for music the 3rd Gen is probably better.  Its louder and has more bass.The Alexa system itself is great.  When cooking food its easy to ask Alexa to set a timer.  When you forget what day of the week it is, she always knows.  You can ask how to spell words, how old Jeremy Clarkson is, to switch off the light, what's the weather like in Flookburgh, set reminders, play bird sounds, she's great.  She is not perfect though and sometimes you need to reword or repeat a command more clearly.


  Not a bad speaker for £20 when it’s on offer. I wouldn’t pay full price for this though, sometimes voice recognition is a bit off. The sound quality is is what you’d expect of something so small, I have multiple Sonos speakers so perhaps unfair to compare the quality of the sound to something much superior but for my bedroom it’s not bad, bass is non existent but the overall sounds is good.Alexa is Alexa if you have used her before she is great for all smart house devices. I’d perhaps say that it’d be great to chain command like you can on google assistant e.g Alexa turn on living room lights and set lights to 40%. Or Alexa turn on tv and living room lights.Tl;dr - get this on offer. £50 might be a bit disappointing for the price but for £20~ it’s a good smart speaker and definitely much improved from the first and second gen


  I bought Echo because I was very curious about its capabilities.In the package I found the power supply and a leaflet with the basic instructions.To setup the device you need to install first the Alexa app on you smartphone and follow the instructions to pair it to the phone and the WiFi. Once done you can use the voice control without any issue.It has audio jack output so you can connect  it directly some external speaker ( of course you can pair it by using Bluetooth)A part the voice command you can use the buttons placed on the top of the device to change the volume, switch of the microphone and trigger a routine.Regarding  the performance I can say that it is very reactive and the sound quality it is not so bad but I noticed that it struggles to hear my commands, especially if it is playing something. ( And I found that this is a known issue) this is the reason I'm giving 3 stars


  The product is compact and unobtrusive, it was, by good luck, a reasonable match to the decor.Once in use it was endlessly frustrating as almost anything we asked was referred to Amazon or one of its partners where we were invited to pay a subscription to access the service. Some of the responses to questions were amusing (Alexa, who is my husband? - Ans. "I'm a little concerned that you don't know that!") But it lacks support in this area so variations on "I don't know" tend to be regular responses.Worst of all was the mediocre sound quality. It can be linked to better speakers but on its own it is very ordinary.As it was a trial purchase we decided to buy a Google alternative, which was much better and not as frustrating as google is the definitive answers source. Mind you, we still get asked to pay extra or told things are only available to premium subscribers.I don't think it will be long before both systems fall into disuse. To make full use of it would require significant investment is smart devices which is just unnecessary. Our TV is fine, and a SMART TV, but it cannot be linked so we need to replace a 2 year old TV,  which works perfectly, just so we can ask for a channel instead of using the remote!It also (both Amazon and Google systems) struggles with my wife's strong Russian accent.  The Queen's English is required for full and proper dialogue - Google wins here.Its a party trick which I think will soon find it way onto ebay once you get bored with listening to the limited repertoire of music available free or have pockets deep enough to meet its endless subscription needs.


  Amazon have really improved the sound quality and for a bedroom this is great for playing music. Alexa is still lacking in capability with a lot of responses like changing the lights to another colour getting a response of not being able to complete that function. If you can get this in the sale at then it's definitely worth it.At first I thought this was great but after I setup the group to play music through my multiple echo devices that’s when things went wrong. If you google amazon echo/ Alexa streaming music or streaming Spotify you’ll see this fault has been going on for a few years now and doesn’t seem to be addressed. So what happens, well you’ll be fine for two maybe three songs then the echo goes to sleep and stops playing music for no reason. If you only have one echo then I don’t think you’ll face this problem. Apart from that it’s okay, it’s search functionality is limited and you often get a response that Alexa doesn’t have the answer. The sounds quality is great though especially for the price. Here you can sees thread about the ongoing issue https://www.amazonforum.com/forums/devices/echo-alexa/468030-echo-stops-playing-streaming-music-after-one-song


  I have multiple echos and one of them broke. I sent it back but was not allowed a refund, only a replacement.  The price had reduced from my original purchase so I can understand this.  The problem I have is that a week or so after I returned it, a purchase from Amazon Europe which I had not made and showed on my credit card linked to my Amazon account which I had not made and I immediately informed my card and ordered a new one.  I had not known to cancel the unit on my echo app and clearly they have some dishonest employees somewhere in the chain.  I will now only use Amazon gift cards to pay because I no longer trust the security of the system and worry what other details the thiefs now have.I like the echo but find it is poor to understand speech if there is a lot of speech background noise and it keeps putting the radio onto a station I would never listen to when I ask for another that sounds nothing like it.  When used as an intercom the speech is not as clear as I would like.


  Sounded ok and voice recognition was better than expected BUT that is all I can say that is favourable. When asking lexa anything other than the time, the weather or anything mundane resulted in almost the same response - 'I'm sorry, I don't know that. Add that to the difficulty in getting then maintaining a wifi connection made this frustrating. Wasn't fond of needing a phone app to set everything up either. I can live with the initial setup requiring the app but that should have been all. The final nail in it's coffin is it's total reliability of an internet connection to be of any use and considering it struggles to connect to my wifi when just a couple of feet away from a brand new router made this nothing more than a waste of time and money.


  Had a few issues trying to connect to my fire stick, but with some help from Google, managed it. Alex is definitely worth buying, especially once it's linked up to kindle fire stick, it is the height of laziness when used with the TV, but is quite handy, especially if you have little ones and can't find the remote.  There are some things when trying to use Alexa to control my kindle fire stick that it won't do, for example it struggles to find things asked for on YouTube with voice command. There are also occasions when the speaker connectivity to the fire stick is lost, but this usually fixes itself. I think for the money I did pay for this, particularly annoying when the price was reduced by £10 two weeks after, and I wouldn't expect the issues I had, but I would buy one for upstairs in the house.


  I got this as a free gift with my broadband. It's a really good sounding speaker, if you want a good and cheap Bluetooth speaker, it might be for you!If you want to use it to search for things though, forget it. If I ash it a question about a person, it seems to make a random guess about who I mean.Also, no one tells you until it arrives that you have to add apps. Not a major issue, but the radio app that comes included (TuneIn) does not do BBC, absolutely used. Also, the apps mean that you can't just ask it something, you have to ask Alex's to ask the app to do something;sometimes it's just quicker to Google it myself.Handy for a kitchen timer, will set many at once.


  I would never pay over the odds for this tbh. The functions of an Echodot are good, for a day or two. Its good for music, or maybe the radio. But then, its any basic Bluetooth device can do that. In time, the other functions dont get used. Its neat, and i bought it in the sale, hence the higher stars. I would like to see a function where it wouldnt need to be plugged in, a small battery. It recognised my voice, but not others. And you have to have amazon music, for the music. So you have to have prime to use it.For me, i got it at a good rpice. But the typical price line for these, i dont see a value for a glorified Bluetooth speaker


  This is a great product, my only gripe is that after a week of use the speaker seems a little crackly but that could just be my imagination. I'll report back in a few more weeks on that part. This is pretty much useless without the unlimited membership but at 3.99 a month it's not gonna break the bank. As a music player it's great and the library is very up to date. Plus having the alexa app on the phone allows you to bring the music with you wherever you go. The games are quite fun but a bit frustrating if you've had a few fizzy drinks... As the voice recognition can be a little temperamental and it has been shouted at a few times to stop when it has decided to go off on a tangent doing something completely different. This can be part of the fun too though.If you do get one though and you have kids. Make sure to ask it what hamsters say.A month in and I came back to buy 3 more of these devices. All I can say is Amazon you hungry rip off merchants. 150% increase on price across the entire range. There is no way these are worth that money.


  I'm very disappointed in this product despite the positives the negatives outweigh by far.The only positive aspect I can find is how loud it can go, i was very surprised as it sounds like a really good quality hi fi.Negatives- voice control is terrible as it does not respond to commands. I have to repeat myself at a minimum of 3 times before I get a response and in the Hope's it does what I've asked.-Keeps disconnecting from my devices such as speakers- when i request a song to play i constantly get the response that I do not have a spotify account...when I want to play music from my Amazon music account which i pay for! And spotify is not enabled on my Alexa account.- I'm disappointed that the range of distance I need to be to say a command has to be ridiculously close I have to shout in the hope echo dot can pick what I've said clearly.My 2nd generation Amazon echo dot works smoothly in can hear me clearly from 2 rooms away. I really want another echo dot but would never invest in this device again.


  We have had the echo dot for a year and use it daily. It is a good speaker with surprising sound quality for a small unit. We have also purchased several compatible smart plugs and light bulbs, which work very well. The children have had fun with the various "skills" and games also, but the novelty there has largely worn off. Although these aspects are generally good, I'm a bit dissapointed with the functionality. It is sometimes unresponsive to  voice commands and the answer to questions is very often (more often than not) "I dont know". We were recently gifted with a Google Nest which we use in another room and if I were to recommend either it would be the Google as it has so far proved to be superior.


  Having been seduced by the hype and the excellent offer from Amazon I decided to take the plunge. Pro's: Price, sound very good for size. Cons: Had to reset about 5 times, sometimes refuses to respond to a request, I was told I could use in hotels, no, hotel WiFi needs to be bang on, ugly with cable, perhaps 4th generation will have a right angled/flush cable entry, not smart- it's the Internet that is the smart part.I could go on. Hands up though, when it works it's great but for me it has worked as I want about 30% of the time.Would I recommend? Tentatively. A great idea poorly executed.


  Not a bad device, Amazon still need to make some improvements as the voice recognition can be a bit off sometimes. This causes the user to have to repeat commands multiple times.The integration with other devices also needs improvement, for example I have Alexa integrated with my Philips Hue smart light bulbs. However, for some reason (unknown to me) Alexa keeps rediscovering the devices causing duplication - problem is when I say “Alexa turn on/off bedroom light”, Alexa says “... multiple devices with same name...” and cannot execute my request. This is an annoyance for me and there isn’t much that I can do to fix this (annoying).


  Updated review 05/08/20I’ve had to knock this down to 3 stars as playing Alexa roulette is getting really boring now. You ask it play something and you very rarely get what you ask for. I end having to speak slowly and loudly to the point of mansplaining just to get it play a radio station or set a timer.This is fairly easy to set up and has a good sound and tone quality.Only downside is playing Alexa roulette when you ask it to play a radio station, you might get what you asked for, you might get something completely different or you might get nothing.I would recommend getting this as much as I would recommend getting kicked in bollocks by someone wearing metal toecap boots


  It's a fun timer/alarm. And it's great for asking if an actor is still alive etc.The music however is rubbish. It can't play an album, for example; 'Alexa, play Deep Purple's album In Rock' - I'm sorry I don't know that one, it doesn't know a single album, it can play mixes of an artist, but they're pretty much greatsest hits. Alternatively if I ask it to play a mellow Jazz mix, it will play artists that aren't real, Bob Sax & Ronnie Trumpet for example. The music sounds OK, but it's not real, like the old Top of the Pops albums!It's OK, but it's not brill


  I love this product. Got it the other day and works great. Love the plum colour! It responds well to my voice and is quick to reply. The app takes a bit of working out but once you get it it’s good.My biggest problem and I wish it’d read a review on it is that it does connect to my Spotify but when i ask it to play a playlist it can’t. I bought this excited to just ask it to play music for me but it doesn’t work. Super disappointed. But all other features are great, especially the timer! I hope they manage to sort the Spotify issue out sometime soon.


  This has been an interesting and fun purchase for our kitchen. I already had an Echo input in my shed which is used primarily as a hands-free Spotify player. This Echo Dot was destined for the kitchen and would be more of a demonstration of Alexa's potential to integrate with our smart things. In reality it has been a demonstration of Alexa's limitations. I should be able to switch on the guest network on my Orbi router, but can't seem to get that skill to work. I ought to be able to ask for room temperature through my Hive heating system, but I can only get limited control of heating boost. I thought I would be able to play my Spotify on one device and my wife's on the other, but that looks to be a very complicated situation which may require a lateral solution such as one of us switching to Amazon music unlimited or experimentation with a Spotify family account. However Alexa does politely interrupt my music telling me someone is pressing my Ring doorbell and I can ask Alexa to switch on my Ring floodlight.Overall, this device is a great introduction to inviting Alexa into your home and I believe she is slowly improving her capabilities of bringing our smart things together. The sound quality is better than a phone and about on par with a decent portable speaker. I wouldn't buy this for playing music primarily, but you could always test the water, then connect it to you preferred sound system?Give it a shot, you can always return it right?


  The new generation dot is a vast improvement on the 1st generation. It looks smart and the speaker sound is greatly improved with more depth and bass.The massive downside is with Alexa and the voice recognition, it is beyond infuriating. Alexa doesn’t hear things correctly, even though I have added voice profiles etc. This means that when setting reminders it makes no sense when she comes to remind us because it is completely different to what we said. This means we are then sat there thinking ‘what on earth does that mean’ and ‘I hope it isn’t important’. In fact as I sit here writing this review a reminder just came up to this effect. It was supposed to say ‘email pestle and mortar company’ but instead just came up with ‘water company’.Overall, the hardware is great but the software has a long way to go.


  Well, I really like the Echo dot. When it does what it's supposed to. Which is about 50% of the time. Only a few of the skills I've tried work too. And I cannot get it to link up with my firestick.So, all said, I used it a lot at first but now it's just kind of sat there. It's only 12 days old.I did buy 2, one for my son and myself. He has had similar issues but has linked up other devices without a problem. Such as WiFi light bulb, WiFi plugs, xbox etc. He gets much more use out of his dot than I do. I had ordered a 3rd for another room but cancelled the order seeings as I can't get any sense out of the one I've got.When it does do what I want, its belta.


  I already have two earlier Echo Dots ( first and second generation) both were easy to set up and use, however this latest incarnation of the Dot was a pain to setup, despite repeated efforts it would not connect with my WiFi system using either Alexa software on an iPad or iPhone. It wasn’t until a friend suggested downloading The Alexa app to a windows based computer and setting it up through that that I got the thing working. It’s worked faultlessly since but I think it’s something that Amazon should be addressing and informing customers about.


  Part of a family of now X3 dots in our household. The two prior are first gen. This ones sound is deep, bassy and excellent.However, it is a temperamental little s***. Despite using the Alexa voice recognition app it rarely plays or executes any commands that I ask it to.It's linked to a home network with 2 other speakers which works fine but because the two other dots are first gen it impacts its quality of sound.Really thinking about returning this one after a few months of persevering. Have until April '20. Price was 29.99-have I been sold a reconditioned unit and not been advised of this? Needs constantly rebooted and the annoying yank voice never recognises any commands.


  Oh dear Amazon what are you up to? Is the promise of profit by corralling your customers to use Amazon music too tempting for you? My previous two Amazon echo products integrated seamlessly with Spotify and other music providers but I have noticed this new one seems very reluctant to work seamlessly with Spotify anymore (and according to Google many thousands of other people are complaining about the same thing). I am not going to send it back but please get it sorted quickly and don't be so greedy. I buy lots of things from you including Amazon prime don't be such a stroppy teenager that I choose to get my music from somebody else.


  I had one bought for me, a nice thought, but when it arrived there was a little square booklet in the box giving very scant instructions on how to set it up, a psu and tge device itself.Being an ict technician I managed to fumble around getting it set up but I wouldn't say the info in it is helpful for beginners.Next thing is there's no instructions on how to use it, it gives a couple of examples of asking about the weather. So I took a look to try and find a list of voice commands that I could use, this was more sparce than the setup, although I can BUY a book about it.The information needs to be better!People need to be told how to use it, what it can do and, most important, how much some features cost, yes, some of the features will cost you and these things should I be made clearer.However, my main gripe is the lack of information for how to set it up and use it, voice commands especially!


  My echo dot stopped talking to me after a few months, Amazon had an amazing customer service and the whole replacement process was easy an quick. However, I still struggle with this device and need to reset it on a regular basis. As sometimgs it doesn't react at all or just very slowly. I also have an Echo dot 1st generation which runs very smoothly. I have never any issues with that one. Quite often the 1st generation dot reacts instead of the 3rd generation one, despite the 1st generation one being in a different room and me being in the same room as the 3rd generation one. Advanced techonology is obvioulsy not alsways better, sometimes simpler technology is actually more stable. I love the Echo dots, however, if I could choose I would buy the 1st generation one, the 3rd generation has too many technical flaws. Hope Amazon tackled the problems in the newer generations.


  The sale offer encouraged me to buy two echo dots. It looks nice and the claims made for it, including how easy it is to set up, are impressive. Sadly, this has not been entirely my experience. I, and a more IT informed friend, did rather struggle with this. More recently, quite how I am not sure, I have managed to activate one of the two but the other one keeps telling me 'I am having difficult understanding right now please try again late' This, whilst at the same time the other dot is doing what I have asked - very strange and rather frustrating. In addition the instructions that come with the package are overly simple and not helpful.


  We change the internet password every day, as earning the wi-fi password is the only way we've found to get the kids to tidy their rooms etc. Resetting the password on all three Echo dots every day is unnecessarily labour intensive, so we've pretty much given up on using them at all.Also - you'd have thought Amazon services like Audible would have a lot of intuitive commands available. Things like 'play book from beginning' don't seem to work.The voice recognition is also patchy - its improved by training it to your voice, but I can't do this every day on 3 Echo Dots ! (a complete reset only way that seems to work for changing password)Also - the way things like Spotify & Amazon music work seems to make it necessary to have three accounts & the Echo Dots set to these accounts. I want central control of my kid's Alexas.I'd also like to be able to stop ky toddler from interacting with his Alexa once nursery rhymes are on at bedtime, so he doesn't  change it to the Batman theme tune at full volume. This might be possible for all I know, but I'd have thought this kind of functionality in real life environments would have been better considered by the designers and integrated into the app.I've focussed on my negatives as the positives are obvious & well-documentwd- the Echo Dot is a great piece of hardware with a good quality finish, & the speakers are excellent for the size. I just feel the software has some way to go in terms of really feeling sufficiently intuitive to be as useful as the device could be in real-life home environments


  I use this for BBC Sounds. It’s most useful feature is to listen to radio programming that is currently being broadcast. It does not respond if I ask Alexa to play a programme that was broadcast previously, despite having set up the skills BBC option.I also use it for Amazon Music. I listen to classical music. If I ask for a specific composer, I only get a shuffle of several short pieces, the most commonly played but not the most exciting. If I ask for a composite work, such as Handel’s Water Music, I only get the popular but very boring slow movement.One useful feature that I have discovered is that if I ask for a short piece or song, at its conclusion I am asked if I would like more like this.


  This was bought for my girlfriends 30th as she's into music. I mistakenly assumed that with amazon prime (music included) you could listen to the whole library, silly really, you must pay an extra £3.99 per month for the privelege. So £11.98 per month will get you one day delivery and unlimited music, which is actually decent value if you use amazon often, I wasn't aware of this at the time of purchase.Dissapointed to read that with multiple devices you need MORE music plans, so you can't link one account to many devices, if I find this is the case I'll research Googles version.The echo dot itself is actually a great bit of kit, you can ask alexa to add things to your shopping list, i.e "alexa add hard drive to shopping list" you can then research later at your leisure. Please do turn off voice purchasing otherwise anyone in household can start purchasing from your account.Overall, it's been a good experience, the sound is brilliant for such a small piece of kit and I'll be looking to make my home smart to get the full use of it.Cons are it must be constantly plugged in and the music scenario


  Recently got my self Alexa Echo dot for home automation and to spice up the home environment.It's really nice and quite easy to set up to be used in home. got couple of switches and bulbs to be connected with it.to be honest it's quite straightforward in setting up. But There are few things due which these stars:1-  15 W for such a small device seems a bit high in power consumption, considering it's on 24/7.2- 29.99£ seem high price for it, few weeks back my brother got it for 20£.3- Voice recognition if other languages needs to improve as it can understand English, specially Asian.4- Voice recognition sensitive is low so you have to keep it close or in quiet room.Rest overall unique device with nice design.


  This Dot's sound quality is a huge improvement over the 2nd gen, as is how it blends with my decor. However, the speed and reliability of response to voice commands is worse and it doesn't compare favourably to my other Echo speakers either.I have found myself repeating commands all too often and getting nowhere. A poorer Alexa experience than the previous version surely shows something amiss in hardware and software development. Having 'upgraded' I am quite disappointed.Amazon insist that Alexa is constantly improving. Hopefully, on this particular version of the Dot, that will eventually turn out to be the case.


  I have one of these speakers in my bathroom as I wanted a bit of a sound boost. I have found the speaker does sound louder but poor high-end audio. The speaker just sounds dull. The 2nd gen version although quieter is much clearer in my humble opinion.I don't really like the design of the new speaker, the 2nd Gen looks really smart as it is a great talking point, but this new version just looks a bit rubbish to me.This also uses a non USB power cable, unlike the 2nd Gen which uses a standard micro USB.I think with the exception of the increased volume, this speaker in all other respects is not as good as the Gen 2 model.So would I buy or recommend the 3rd gen dot? No, I won't buy another and I don't recommend it. I will either stick with the Gen 2 dots (handy for general use) or Gen 2 Echo's (great for listening to casual music).


  We have 3 2nd gen echoes but needed another , so I thought we'd get the newest version. Love all the smart features of alexa and the speaker has definitely improved, though not to the point where I would choose to listen to music solely on this.My biggest gripe is that its no where near as responsive as the 2nd gens especially with phillips hue lights. Given that it is in the quietest room, I have to ask 5 or 6 times to get the lights on every time, which is kind of ridiculous.If I buy another, ill return to the previous model, mainly due to the lack of responsiveness.


  I loved my mums 1st generation Alexa.So I was soooooo looking forward to find as a present from my son a 3rd generation. An will always will be grateful.Main problem is Alexa sound it does not hear properly an goes on it's own conclusion, all the while I'm speaking, calling in fact to stop.Alexa should verify any request before continuing. My son gets aggravated cause all he hears is "Alexa stop".I also believe they could be personalized in so many ways.Just by changing the name etc.Great for reminders also fantastic deal with Amazon music app ,.I just expected more from the upgrade..I enjoyed my mums 1st generation. But visually 3rd generation is only improvement.


  No stranger to voice assistants or alexa. All the family have them, and this is the 3rd one i own. We have alexa in the sonos and it works flawlessly, i have 1st and 2nd edition dots and they have never skipped a beat. This one though... i want to strangle it. Continually circling blue updating itself at night. Goes unresponsive for no reason at all. I have to physically power down and reboot it once or twice a week. I'm currently in another country with it and under lockdown (corona) so i can't even return it. I'm sure we just got unlucky but it's a shame.


  The sound quality to me is very bad.  It is very 'bass-y' and so therefore if I want to hear some music I need to put it up louder to hear it, but then it is TOO loud because of the bass.  I don't know if there is a way I can change this, but this is how it was delivered to me.  I bought it mainly to use at night, in bed for relaxing music or sounds, but I have to turn it up much louder than it needs to be to hear it, and then, as I say, it becomes TOO loud because the bass is overpowering it.


  I bought this (3rd echo dot) to add it to the one I already had in the kitchen so to create a stereo pair. I must say, the sound quality improvement as a pair is minimal. I assumed the (small) kitchen would fill with reasonably good sound quality and that I would hear the stereo effect when playing music, but I rarely hear stereo, I guess because the music file being streamed is itself of poor quality (low bit rate). However, I bought this at UK £24, and at this price tag the quality of the sound for most of the music is fair (yes, there are many music tracks that are really bad in quality).


  I mainly got this so that I can integrate "Alexa" with my home theatre system, but after various attempts at trying to set it up, I had to call in the Calvary (my Whiz Kid Son).We eventually got it talking to the TV, but it is very limited to what it can do. I was hoping that I could tell it to play YouTube for example, and then be able to voice search for whatever I want to see, rather than type using the on screen keyboard which I find very frustrating.I have it blue toothed to my amp and use it for playing Amazon music or Spotify, which it does really well.


  I bought this because it was cheap and I wanted to see how far voice recognition and home automation had come.It promised so much and to a large extent, delivered. It does recognise your voice, and except voice commands. It does control a lot of ancillary devices like TV, Music, Radio, Heating lights etc.It does not understand language. The commands are precise constructs. Variations are not understood, so things can be quite frustrating. The difference in "Alexa, turn on the TV" and "Alexa. turn on the Television" is an example.You can add friendly names to overcome this particular example but the principle still holds. You have exact phrases to say.


  I have never bickered with a machine before but if you don’t speak slowly and clearly, you fall out with her.  Every second song I request I can’t have as I have to join Amazon Prime Super music or something.  I do have Amazon music but it’s a hit or a miss if it’s on there.  I’m sure I can make up a “music list” which would make this easier.  She can’t give me bus times or train times but did tell me I should prepare for flooding.  She told me a few good jokes.  I’m sure we’ll learn to get along but it’s kinda like having a new flat mate who doesn’t understand what you’re saying.  Sound quality is fantastic though so when she gets a song right it’s amazing.


  Works with Hue lights without a Hue box and can do basic rules like automatically turning my main light off when I turn my lamp on. Enjoying the device so far.However, it needs an internet connection to accept voice commands, even when the internet shouldn't be needed (like turning a local light on/off). This means its slower than it needs to be (while voice is uploaded to the internet and interpreted) and the second there is an internet connection issue all the lights/plugs stop working. I'd recommend looking at client-side voice command driven automation solutions (so not Amazon or Google devices).


  I totally dislike that you have to pay a premium for music of nearly £10.  I was under the impression that that would be part of its system.  I have purchased more than one cd off Amazon and without the installation of the premium music (which is exhorbitantly priced for me, I am a pensioner and really have more things to do than pay another tax to listen to music) all I was able to receive for music was my Roy Orbison CD not even Kylie’s new cd which I had recently purchased.  I would be better off just playing my radio and tv and putting on my own selection of cd’s than pay £9.99 a month to have some streamline system.  I don’t need something to turn on lights for me or any other menial chore which is better done by myself otherwise what exercise would I be getting if whilst just sitting I could command Alexa to do all these tiny jobs and for some of them you still need to spend more money so that they liase together before it can take on these orders.  I am sorry that my Son purchased this for me as I already have good speakers around the house and I cannot think what else I will make use of it for.  Very disappointed.  It should come as a package whereby Music at least is incorporated for free  I already pay a Receiving licence so why not!!!


  These are fun, the speed at which they work is amazing, but the integration is a pain, I have 3, named them as suggested, linked the to my laptop, but they do not know each other, I find the app difficult to navigate. My brother in law, who writes software, has endless hours getting these to work as he wants them. I could not get the app on my mac, went to technical help at amazon and was told it has to be on the phone. Hours of frustration, now I just let them do what they want.


  In general I am very pleased with the Echo Dot 3.  However, it suffers from one annoying fault.  The device fails to re-connect with Amazon’s server after briefly (for whatever reason i.e. the router does a scheduled re-boot) losing the internet connection.The problem is very simple to re-produce and is without a doubt a bug in the Echo Dot’s firmware implementation.Basically, turn on the Echo Dot before your broadband connection is up and running.  Then switch on your broadband router/modem and wait for your internet connection to be up and running.For me, if at this stage I log onto my router I can confirm that the router is talking to the Echo Dot and has allocated it an IP address.However, the Echo Dot fails to work (red ring light and Alexa tells you she is confused).  The only way to get the Echo Dot working again is to power-cycle it.  This should not be necessary, particularly when you consider the range of home automation tasks etc. for which this device is intended.  The  Echo dot is quite simply, not robust enough/reliable, due to a simple error in the devices programming.But for this one simple issue, I’d give this device a full 5 out of 5.


  We bought the Echo dot because we wanted to be more integrated with Amazon having Amazon prime with access to movies and music as well as shopping through Amazon. In general anything Amazon linked is perfect it integrates with no hassle. But ask it general question about the world around us or to do with personal information like accessing passport prices  then this is where Alexa fails badly. It doesn't hold the sort of information needed to act as a personal assistant as good as google is with it's home hub. If Amazon gets this right and on the par with Google then it would be given a 5 star status. But because Alexa doesn't have the knowledge capacity to understand basic questions it seems i may have to invest in a hub from Google to cover the blind spots Alexa gives.


  I love this and would like more but I can't justify it when I cant play Spotify on it.I have a premium account and I am having terrible problems..  and I am not the only one.It was great at first and even my husband loved it but this problem with Spotify needs rectified.Looking at the forums it seems to have been going on for a while. I've tried all of the suggestions but nothing works.Everything else works fine and I've just ordered a few bulbs to use with it too.I use the My Groceries skill with it and thats brilliant.Hope they sort the Spotify bug out soon and then I'll order a few more


  Now as per the headline, this is really for Muslims who would like to use Alexa for the following purposes:1) Azaan (Islamic call to prayer) to play automatically at the time of each salah/namaaz (prayer) in the respective area of each household. This is without any input from the user apart from enabling the correct skill.2) Play a surah from the Quran at a set time again without input from the user apart from initially setting the routine up. For example, at half 7 every day, in my household, we would like the Surah Baqarah to play.1) Now to the best of my knowledge, there does not appear to be a skill that plays the azaan automatically at the time for each salah. However, there are skills where you can play the azaan but you will be required to summon alexa to do this yourself which sort of defeats the point, although you should listen to the azaan before praying anyways. (i.e. "Alexa, open azaan").I have managed to create a routine, which opens the azaan skill (basically plays the azaan) at set times in the day (obvs 5 times a day), however as you all know. Salah times change each day, therefore it requires you to manually change the time for each salah every single day. Clearly, not ideal.2) For Amazon Prime Music members, playing the surah baqarah at any given time in the day is not an issue as this can be set easily. However, if you do not have prime, then this will be an issue. Again to the best of my knowledge, there does not seem a way to do this for non-prime members. The closest you will come is downloading a Quran skill, set a time in a day to open it and thats about it. What will happen here is Alexa will open the quran but nothing will start playing until you ask her to play a specific chapter. So again a bit redundant.If anyone has similar problems, please like this review so that Amazon can look to rectify and create facilities for Muslims, as it would definitely appeal to a larger demographic.If anyone has actually solved the above, then please let me know and share your discovery. I am not an expert at this so am more than willing to be proven wrong.If you would like assistance to have a similar set up as me at home with what i can do with Alexa (in terms of setting her up for islamic purposes), let me know and i shall assist.Hope the above helps.


  Don't call it 'she'. It's a machine. It works and it's great at times but it needs training and an improvement in it's sense of humour (Yes, it has one). Answers simple questions and performs standard tasks like playing radio music well enough but gets a bit confused with some of the links. I use Hive which works fine on my mobile but asking 'it' to tell Hive to do something gets a bit random. AND a smart-arse reply doesn't help when 'it' is plainly wrong. (like telling me it can't turn off lights which are already off, when they clearly are on.) Another annoying feature is you can't swear at it. Well, you can but it takes no notice. One improvement would be an ' Alexa, F-off' command when it gets a bit 'confused'.


  Even though this speaker has a voice command but it's frustrating to set it's volume back and forth if you have connected this speaker on device or use as it's with amazon music, etc.Because if you will forget to lower the volume down and Amazon speaker will start to speak at volume 10 it will scare the sh.t out of all household. This is the main consideration if using this speaker as a smart device.I am not sure if the speaker has an option to set the volume at the same preset level if the volume was increased and the speaker was finished using. This would be handy when you won't have Alexa screaming at you at volume 10 a weather forecast.


  I am unhappy with Alexa as the dot keeps saying unable to connect to Internet. I have reloaded the Alexa via app but a few days later Alexa does the same.  I can also get it to work if i turn the router off and back on but this is frustrating as I have to switch all the other equipment connected to the internet as well. I have a 2nd Alex echo dot (Christmas present)in another room that works perfectly. I suspect this one is faulty is it possible for you to replace??


  I was given a first generation echo dot for Christmas a few years back and that worked fine. Fast forward two generations and I am now the proud owner of an Echo Dot that only listens to me when it feels like it. This can be incredibly frustrating. I would have thought that two generations on would have seen an improvement. Both my partner and I agree that the third gen echo dots are a step back from the original one. It's no wonder Amazon were selling them cheap.


  Overall it’s a pretty good bit of kit considering they’re not that old technology wise. If music is playing even fairly low you have to shout her name for Alexa to respond which can be annoying. And some simple amazon related questions to your account she can’t answer possibly for security reasons but after she asked me do I want Amazon unlimited music I said yes she couldn’t confirm I had accepted it and could play it from all 3 echos .If Apple did something at a similar price I’d have gone for that


  I've had a couple of Dots (2nd Generation) for two years. I really like them. I thought I'd try to see how Dots have improved with the generations. GThe judges are out. I'm not convinced that the 3rd gen. hears me as well as the 2nd gen one. The sound is different too. I think the bass is better on the 3 but I also think the mid/treble may be fractionally more hi fi on the 2.Its nice and looks better than its predecessor but I don't think its worth upgrading if you already have one.If you haven't got 'an Alexa' you really should.


  This echo device is fine except for one thing: the voice used for interaction sounds muffled and unclear.I have a first generation dot that is crystal clear.  This 3rd generation model is barely tolerable, sounding as if the voice is coming through a pillow. There is too much bass on the voice and it's not adjustable.I bought this to go in my living room , as the colour and look go better with the decor, and so so I could put my older device in the bedroom, but the voice issue is seriously disturbing.I am not sure whether to return this or not. All of my smart devices  are now integrated through Alexa, and I don't particularly want to change platforms. Music played through it is fine, and you can adjust bass treble and midtones on music, just not the voice , which desperately needs it.Looking online there are vast numbers of complaints about the muffled quality of the voice assistant, all of which Amazon seem to ignore, so it is a known problem, and a new device is likely to sound the same.If you want Alexa's voice to sound like it's coming from inside a cupboard buy this model. If you are not committed to the Alexa ecosystem I'd give it a miss


  Surprisingly basic considering I saw one of these about 4 years ago and it was exactly the same...If you've written the thingy to make skills surely you could get Alexa to do it via communication?Of the questions I've asked I'd have expected most of them to be answered and not a great deal of them wereConnecting my sony headphones with an app for the headphones, an app for the phone and alexa it took me an hour of resetting and messing about with the order to connect things just to get my headphones to work only to realise it doesn't even use the microphone in the headphones is pretty shocking...Overall it's useful... but I was expecting much much more tbh


  I bought two of the Echo Dot’s to play music on, to use as an intercom between two of my rooms and to control my smart TV.  It selects and plays music to an acceptable standard, it works well as an intercom but it is useless when it comes to controlling my Amazon Fire TV or Netflix, the software just doesn’t appear to be there yet.  Having spent hours going through numerous troubleshooting guides, tutorials and so called help guides I thought I was getting somewhere when Alexa was finally able to switch my Amazon Fire TV on to the opening screen but, as soon as I asked her to play something my TV just went back to the TV Chanel that was already playing.


  I purchased this item on my Amazon account. It was automatically registered to me as the user, but it was a gift for a friend. I am receiving daily emails showing what to do with the echo dot, but I have so far failed to change the info online to deregister this as my device and register it as my friend's device. Got info from Amazon Prime help (not easy to understand the English!!), but its very difficult to follow and, after 7 days, I've still not succeeded in changing the registration. Don't buy if its a gift!!


  The Echo Dot is a marvellous concept that has some serious flaws to consider if you want to give multiple users a unique experience.  We got four Dots for our household to provide everyone with a smart device to control their music and help with homework and to communicate between rooms to minimise the amount of shouting between floors that occurs in our house!We had a bit of hassle setting them up but, in fairness, this was done on Christmas day when, I imagine, the network was taxed by a high volume of new users registering.The Dots excel at information retrieval, the voice recognition algorithm is incredibly effective, and the Dots understand the, sometimes eccentric, speech patterns of everyone from the five-year-old to the forty-seven-year-old in the house.Where the Echo Dots really fail is in their ability to personalise a music listening experience, outside of that offered by Amazon Music.  If you are happy to sign up to an Amazon Music Family plan then you will be able to enjoy different music from their limited selection on each of your Dots simultaneously but, be warned, this is literally the ONLY way to enjoy simultaneous different music easily.I can’t help feeling disappointed at the lack of functionality in this regard.  I can’t believe we are the only household in the world with a mixture of kids, at different ages, who all like different music!?  I was naïve to expect that the ability to pair each dot in the house with it’s own Spotify account would be a basic procedure and it is impossible to do this.When you set up a house full of Echo Dots, they are all controlled by a single Alexa app and that app can only be paired to one Spotify account which means you can ONLY listen to music on ONE Echo Dot at a time unless you want them all to play the same music.  You can use the Echo Dot as a Bluetooth speaker and control additional Spotify accounts this way, but it is laborious to set up and frustrating that your so-called-smart-speaker is now dependent on another device.  This work-around is also frustrating because the Echo Dot can’t control the Spotify account on a paired device, any Spotify related request is handled by the Spotify Skill and is directed to the account paired with the Alexa app that controls all the dots.  Consequently, anyone in the house that ‘forgets’ that they should be controlling Spotify from their phone will ‘steal’ the Spotify account from whoever is listening to it and a device that was supposed to aid household harmony becomes a source of great tension.I understand that it makes business sense for Amazon to ‘encourage’ users to subscribe to their music service, but I would implore the boffins to allow each Echo Dot in a household to be paired to it’s own Spotify account.  At the moment the technical support team is blaming Spotify for not allowing multi-user access to a Spotify account rather than accepting that different users in the same household might hold their own Spotify accounts and want to use them.  To me, it’s spoiling my Echo Dot experience and for something so easily rectifiable, that’s a shame.


  Echo dot is good. But was a gift for me. My use of amazon music is as an additional user, on my friends subscription. We have now gone through the process fully every week for at least 5 weeks. It works for exactly a week, then says, my friend hasn't confirmed, so its cancelled. Clearly these additional friend user on amazon music subscription, are a blatant attempt to get people to sign up for their own subscription.To be clear, we have done everything as per instructions, to the letter !If you're thinking of getting Amazon music subscription, and setting up for several family members / friends, then think again.


  Very useful but does have its faults .Firstly it struggles to recognise my accent which is “Londonish” nothing unusual. Very frustrating at times when I have to continually repeat myself and then can’t get an answer.Not all the information give is upto date or correct ....for example I asked a recently changed sporting question knowing the answer and it took 2 days before the correct answer was given.A big positive is the sound quality , for a relatively cheap small units it has very good deep rich sound.


  I bought this echo dot for upstairs as I have the full size echo downstairs and to be honest I am rather disappointed  firstly I prefer the old Alexa voice not the new updated voice version..... I subscribe monthly to music unlimited and cannot play a single song.... she will not play any music whatsoever what ever I ask!!It took a while for her to even understand the radio station I listen to. I do not like the way now you adjust the volume on the unit either,I find it far easier to turn the light ring than holding the buttons up and down. The only upside to this really is I didn’t pay full price as if I had I would have sent it back.


  Christmas present - to be fair I would never have bought it. However, I thought it might be useful if I got stuck on a crossword clue but it most certainly doesn't - I just get the response "I don't know". I then tried things to do for kids near  me and that didn't work as everything was about 20 kilometres away (or more).  I guess I could use it for reminders but I can do that on my phone!  I'm not interested in playing music on it as I would not pay a monthly fee.  Overall I'm sure it is a useful product but just not for me.


  It is great for my daughter and she is getting on with it ok. It doesnt respond to my voice and I have given up trying to get it to recognise my voice. I bought it with 4 months Amazon music and marked it as a gift. However the offer started the day I bought the Alexa! It was a christmas present as she opened it a month after the purchase date! So only had 3 month Amazon Music. Poor response from Amazon who have offered £5.00 credit but only if I buy something from a specific range of goods - would have preferred the extra month that I was expecting with the purchase. Can't get amazon to respond to my emails!


  Great little smart speaker, my first smart speaker.Never used Alex or Siri before, I’m quite enjoying it to be honest. I now want to purchase smart plugs as well.The only thing that I was a little disappointed about (mainly after reading other reviews) is the sound quality.It is OK but far from what some other people have said.My previous £50 JBL Bluetooth speaker (which failed hence buying the Echo Dot) was much much better in terms of sound quality.I gave 5 stars on everything, 2 stars for sound quality, so overall 3.


  I love thisBut for one thingYou cannot control the volume via the alexa app before using the echo dot which means that when you first ask alexa anything she/it could quite happily shout out at 78% volume at 2am in the morning shuffling songs by enyaReally FRUSTRATING when everyone else is asleep!!!You can ask alexa to whisper but she will still agree to whisper at 78% volumeGGGGGGR and AAAAAGGGGHHH Alexa's parents did not bring her up properly(((PLEASE FIX THIS!)))


  This is an okay product overall. It doesn’t really offer anything over the previos gen, so not really worth it as an upgrade. The speaker is louder than the previous gen, which is good in a way, but it loses some of the clarity, so speech can sound muffled. Alexa is just as frustrating as ever at times. She hears the words you say okay, but suddenly decides to do something random. It does not work well if there are other sounds in the background (TV, music, other conversations) so you need to mute the TV before speaking for example. I mostly use it as a voice activated light switch, wich works fine about 60% of the time. It’s okay, but still more of a gimmick than a useful tool. Not worth paying more than £25 for one imo.


  I got one of these as a gift and was initially pretty excited to use it! Unfortunately, the sound is really flat in my opinion. It's fine if you're not that bothered how your music sounds, but if like me, you like your music to have a bit of character then I'd say spend a little more and get a better speaker. The Alexa part works ok, but we did find ourselves having to repeat things 2 or 3 times before it worked. Build quality is good and it looks fine.


  Bought an Alexa Echo and a Dot hoping to fill the open plan kitchen and the dining room with the same music. The Echo sounds great well, worth the money, but the Dot is more suitable as a small radio. You're not going to get the party dancing with that device only. Even though both connects well if you use spotify or amazon music I got major issues trying to link them together when playing from a radio station. It's very much hit and miss sometimes they connect fine other times not at all or they play two different radio stations or Alexa choose to ignore my request and will put on some random station I don't want. Why the two speakers don't connect automatically I don't know but it's very frustrating and disappointing having to constantly try and pair them.


  While the technology is excellent I have trouble understanding her. I have hearing loss and she seems to mumble. I am sure it’s just me and I will get used to her.A strange phenomenon however is that when I listen to a talking book and I ask Alexa to stop playing after 45 minutes it understands perfectly except at about 11:30pm. It states twice “I do not understand what you just asked”. An hour later when I ask again she understands perfectly.


  I actually really quite like this little device. The VR is good on the whole and the sound quality for a hockey puck is amazing. The skills are handy, but it takes a little patience sometimes to learn how to get the best out of the Dot.Where I have been badly let down is in the "support" Amazon gave with a simple question I had about the "Routine Stream" skill. The skill opens up fine and plays my stream, but there is absolutely no way of stopping the stream without unplugging the device. I opened a webchat with Amazon support - 7 agents and 90 minutes later I finally lost my patience with being asked the same questions over and over again with no resolution. Come on Amazon this is a long long way from being a world class customer experience.


  Voice recognition doesn’t always register if volume is on high unless you shout from a short distance.Integration with the app and setting up was difficult. Definitely coursed a lot of frustration and instructions were limited.Took approx 1hour of frustration from uploading app to final set up to get Alexa working through my phone app. Not sure you can do it other way unless you go online via a computer but still think you may need the phone app?Over all I think this purchase was a spontaneous one and not one couldn’t live without. Only really use it for the radio and alarm set up.


  Being a much smaller unit the sound is not as good as the other models I have herd.This unit is ideal for the kitchen, small room or bedroom.I only paid £22 for it so found it exceptional value for money.With the use of the app on your mobile phone, it can do most of what the other models can do.You seem to have to be on top of it to recognise your voice, where as the other models you can shout at them from your arm chair.Hence only two stars for voice recognition above.


  The Alexa was delivered very quickly, nicely bundled up. However, as an older person not used to the delights of our modern world, I found it very difficult to set up, in fact it took 2 days before by some lucky chance I got it to suddenly load up correctly. After that, it was laughter all the way,  Alexa does some amazing things I must admit, but it doesn't always get it right, when asking for something to be played, something completely different would start playing away, but I must admit, its a wonderful contraption to have, and most of the music is very very acceptable. My wife and self are more than pleased with our buy, and will no doubt have hours of fun with Alexa


  Bought 3 of these to replace other ones around the house - thinking the 3rd gen have better sound and speaker quality. Correct - they do, but this came at a cost in loss of voice activation and recognition. 2nd gens light up and picked up on nearly all my commands, at the same distance frustratingly these 3rd gens aren’t even lighting up! I am constantly pressing buttons. Clock display is great and changes brightness itself, good touch.


  Set up is difficult and at no point was it mentioned that you need a smart phone, i have a new laptop and a tablet but no, it has to be a smartphone, so i had to buy one. After having to set that up i had to go through a rather difficult process with alexa. The sound is so muffled i have to ask questions several times, and no, my hearing is good, there is a lot it doesn't know, i hear " mmm, im not sure about that" quite a lot. Only minimal selected music is allowed to play because all the good stuff you have to pay for, CON. Disappointed.


  When it comes down to it then this is a gimmick and I got sucked in too.Do I want to know if  its raining outside or maybe I can just look through the windows?Do I want to buy very expensive smart lights so that I can tell Alexa to switch them on or off, to should I just get off my backside, save some money and just use the light switch?If you want to listen to music then fine, but I thought I could tell it to access 5Live radio and that got it confused so it is a very limited gimmick.If you want a toy then fine but doesn't really do anything useful


  The Echo Dot (3rd Gen) appears to be perfect and was bought for me as a gift. Its quick, friendly and does what ever's asked of it very well so have no complaints. My only reservation is the possibility of it 'eves dropping' on domestic conversations within the home. As an example, a couple of days ago my wife and I were casually discussing buying a certain item and the following day I received a 'Recommended For You' email containing the very item we had been discussing? The Jury is still out on this one . . . AJL.


  Looks better,somewhat heavier too.The power input socket is set so far into the unit that I've found the mini usb connector has fallen out twice--it's now sellotaped in!--maybe it's the usb connector size? Sound quality is definitely better,I'd say 30% improvement over the original unit (which is still in use + soundbar).The improvement was somewhat less than I hoped for. I've now connected it to a £26 soundbar which produces a much better sound. I paid approx £28 for this which I feel is about right,not woth much more. Connection to the Alexa app and setup was easy. I'd rate this as 7/10 all round


  We had a powercut in the night, first one in ages, and here is the new Dot, can’t recognise my voice, can’t make a connection with the WiFi. I did a complete new install, and it worked. After a while I wanted to listen to the BBC but it did not connect, gave me other options, till I found I had to reset the language, again, to English uk.  All this because of an outage?  My computer remembers things!


  We got this when it was on offer, but the first one that arrived had problems picking up the wake word, when it did, it would switch off, because the 2nd gen dot in the other room picked up and responded to the command.The speaker on max (10) was also terrible.  Yes it's loud, but on max it was distorted.This was sent back, the replacement had better audio and didn't distort at high volumes, but the microphone pick up is still just as bad.  The other dot would respond in most instances.


  The good90% of the time Alexa plays what you ask for...cool !75% of the time she answers your question, or tries to.. acceptable!The bad10% of the time Alexa plays something that sounds nothing like you have asked for, even though it is available, you find you have to word it differently.. Duh.The uglyFor no reason Alexa switches off occasionally and you lose your place on the playlist and have to start over - this is extremely irritating..Grrr.The speaker occasionally goes very tinny and the only solution is to switch off and on to recover.. Ugh.If you change your broadband supplier, this basically confuses the hell out of Alexa even if you follow instruction and the only solution I found was to wipe everything and start over.. Grrr.


  Disappointing. Muffled sound, lacking in clarity and treble - bass OK though considering the size.Sometimes can't hear you saying "Alexa" when it's playing music so you have to shout.I have both this and a Google mini, the Google is better in clarity and treble (not as good in bass). However, it can hear "Hey Google" when spoken (even quietly) when it is playing music, the news etc.Google AI is also quicker witted and gives the impression of better "intelligence". Alexa seems dumb by comparison.


  The sound quality on the 3rd gen is far superior than the 2nd gen and the speaker does sound very good indeed. Other than that the functionality is pretty much the same. You can do a lot with Alexa other than ask “tell me a joke” or “what’s the weather” home automation is made easy with the Alexa but you need to be into it. Downside is 3rd gen doesn’t come with a regular USB cable.. not sure why. The other downside is that the app is painful to use. I’m quite tech minded and into home automation etc but the app is the biggest downside. Amazon can do much better. Also not simple to play your own music or YouTube...


  This product is not as easy to use as the advertising makes out. Getting it to play your playlists can be tricky unless you are extremely precise with your request.The most disappointing thing about it is that you have to be subscribing to Prime or to Amazon Music to access most of your specific music requests. This is not clear in the advertising beforehand.Amazon music is £7.99 per month. Prime has an annual fee of £79.Depending on what you want access to will determine which you choose (Prime gives access to 2 million songs and films, books etc) whilst Amazon music lets you choose from a library of 50 million songs.'You pays your money and you takes your choice'.Access to radio stations and other items is available. Using it as an alarm clock seems to be the thing we use it for the most.


  Pointless using this device to ask Alexa anything as 'she' never knew the answer to the questions and also had difficulty understanding the questions asked. Had to repeat numerous times and still did not get response required. Have used it to listen to music occasionally but it has now been relegated down into a kitchen cupboard and is no longer in use. Drag it out now and then to use but mostly a redundant piece of equipment as I have other 'tech' devices which work just as well if not better.


  Although the Echo Dot is essentially a good device, I did not find it easy to set-up due to the poor instructions provided in the box. These are minimal, at best. This is my reason for giving the Echo Dot three stars. The device itself is OK and is at it's best when playing music. Quality of sound is good for such a small device. But when asking it questions through Alexa it is quite often fooled and not able to return a valid answer. If you need to use the Echo Dot for controlling lights and Smart Plugs, for instance, there does seem to be quite a lot of additional expense to buy compatible devices.


  Other than playing music or asking Alexa what the local weather is.........i am struggling to see the point of it.  I don't have smart lighting or a kettle that can be controlled by it.  I would rather order things from the broader internet and not just Amazon alone.  I was bought it as a present so have to keep it.....................for a while.As useful to me as headlamps on a goat.  I would rather me be in control than some circular box of wires.


  Small and neat looking, useful for calling the family if they realised it was calling them. Use it mainly for radio and date. Lag of nearly a minute for real time so useless for the pips. Plays my music randomly but the same tracks in the same random order each time I ask, some tracks I have yet to hear. Perhaps as I do not have smart stuff and why would you unless you are so lazy you cannot get off your arse to do it yourself, I do not appreciate it. I would imagine it would be good if you have a physical disability but as you cannot order it to wash up, hang out the washing blah blah I am underwhelmed.


  Wasn’t sure what to expect from this device but was impressed with the simplicity of setup. Haven’t stretched it’s ‘abilities’ yet but have linked it to my heating system. I have other smart technologies within my home but she doesn’t seem to be able to find them.As for notifications about Amazon orders, she hasn’t been that accurate! Not sure if this is the fault of Alexa or the Amazon app.


  Still getting to grips with it's capabilities. In terms of smart functions it's able to turn my Philips hue light on/off and change its colour, it can turn my Samsung qled tv off but can't turn it on, initially it could adjust tv volume but lately it's been struggling to do that. It's sound is far better than I expected with good volume and bass and it can hear your commands from a different room if your clear enough. Use it mostly for listening to music and the kids love talking to it and being rude.


  Works great and im abit of a dinosaur only thing is I have gotten rid of it as me and the wife were discussing some items and we have now started seeing them across the Internet which really freaked me out.All the home automation is great but ive decided im not ready for this yet after my recent scare so gave it to my nephew as a gift who is young and energetic so he loved it. Said best present ive ever given however I think I dug myself a hole as I will need to start buying home automation gifts for him now


  In order to make telephone calls or send messages Alexa needs access to your contact list which means Amazon has it. Alexa can’t play specific music without you having a monthly subscription. There is lots of information about what questions to ask Alexa but there should also be up front information on how to respond to Alexa when she tells you something such as So and So is calling you. I am still learning so in the future I may have rated it higher.


  An obvious use-case for an Echo Dot is for each of my children to have one in their room so they can stream their Spotify playlists. Nah ah. Even if they have child profiles in your Amazon household/family you can only configure a  single Spotify user account to all Echo devices. To allow them to use their own Spotify account you will need to create a new Amazon account BUT you will not be able to add these accounts to your Household as you're only allowed two adult accounts per household. This means that my kids Echo's cannot benefit from my Premium content. They're essentially orphaned devices.This is a massive usability oversight - it cannot be that hard to be able to select a device and then configure the Spotify account accordingly. However it's at the Amazon account level so you're stuffed.For this blunder I deduct 2 stars. For £25 it's an amazing WiFi speaker and Alexa device, just don't' expect to be able to fully integrate the full Amazon eco-system into your own family eco-system for a while.


  I bought this new echo dot thinking it would be better than my old one (which I have moved to my bedroom) sadly it sounds too deep (even messing with settings does not help), that I could put up with but when it cuts out constantly especially when I am listening to my book, it gets really annoying.  I am hoping I just have a faulty one and am going to contact Amazon as I have only had it a month.  Really love my dot so thinking of bringing the old one downstairs again.


  I have a few of the original echo dots and thought I would buy a new one to see if this was any better.The sound quality is definitely better. It is much louder also.I think the style looks nicer too.The only downside is that the new one does not respond as quickly as the old ones do. I’m not sure why this is, but I find it annoying that Alexa does not respond like the older ones.I have noticed that this one crackles when playing music, the older ones also do this. So I am dissapointed that they have not fixed this issue with the new version.


  After reading many reviews of how amazing these systems are I thought I would give the new 3rd gen a ok, I had already installed my smart sockets with the app and have to say they work really well, however the information isn’t the best when asking it a question it seems to reply with ‘sorry i don’t know that one’ and also tells me the weather in the wrong location, small things that can be improved hopefully with updates, overall I would have paid for the socket function on its own so can’t moan at £20 I paid for it, I’ve just ordered some hard wired wall sockets so will try those next


  Make sure you have a techno in the family.It’s funny talking for 5 minutes more or less to your self so it gets used to your voice but it’s well worth it. Watch out for the apps to start your journey with Alexa,I downloaded 2 apps before I got to the one that is free, look for Alexa music the others are subscribers if you want to pay then that’s fine, they look brilliant.i wanted it to wake me up in the morning with music it would if you subscribe to amazon prime so I am thinking about it. Otherwise it has a wealth of knowledge if you are into that.


  It's fun to ask Alexa to play music and answer questions. The sound quality of music played is better than expected. However very disappointed that Alexa understands fewer than 25% questions I ask. Also Alexa performs some tasks one day such as ringing my mobile but says "I don't know that one" or something similar the next day. More ofetn than not when I ask the questions suggested online, Alexa can't answer them. I have no idea how to sync Alexa with other devices.


  Alexa sounds good but she doesn't produce as many correct answers as Google. She will choose Amazon Prime music as default and it is quite awkward to get Spotify with who I currently have a 6 month free subscription. I use Alexa in my back room. One nice thing is that I can ask questions without all my Google equipment responding. Using TuneIn is handy and easy to use. Plus using the timer for cooking and such is good.


  The sound is definitely an improvement over previous versions. My only gripe is that when I us the audio out jack I can not get it to play in stereo either through my headphones or when I connect it via the audio out to my Hi-Fi amplifier. It seems there is a lot of confusion over whether the dot is mono or stereo and Customer Services don't seem to be sure either


  this was not as good, or at least the same as other peoples ones.  Mine has an American accent to the voice, and i think this could be the reason for it "struggling" to understand me and mistaking what i am saying. (good spoken english )it's answers are 'short' compared to several of my friends English speaking ones, which elaborate more when asked "how many days to Christmas " or "good morning.and such like .I believe it's possible to change the language on it, but this can lead to other problems if you do.I wanted to wirelessly connect to my bluetooth speakers system, but this to is not straight forward because if your bluetooth requires a code, then you cant enter one.I dont want to put you off all together, because for the price it's quite novel and handy and the sound is quite good too.


  It sounds great for a little device and the alexa app and the dot do work seamlessly but I think the voice recognition isn't great. It arrived set up with the USA language as its main setting so it couldn't learn how I am. After changing that to UK it was better but I still have to repeat myself on most occasions.I also have an Echo with seems to be much better so if you can get one of those (space and money allowing, of course) I'd suggest one of those.


  Didn't know why I would want one. But it was free in a Blink camera deal. First off, easy to set up, surprising volume and very good sound quality for the size, when playing songs by fone bluetooth. Yes, it does answer questions but what you ask Alexa must be specific. Bit concerned its always monitoring sounds, it occasionally interrupts our conversations to say some nonsense....Alexa even talked to the tv ! Not used it as a remote for other wifi devices,  as just as easy to use appropriate app and confirm result.


  Great sound from the echo dot and Alexa can do lots of things. However, keeping a wi-fi connection seems to be a problem. I have tried moving the dot to the same room as the router and although this has improved the situation it hasn't eliminated it. I had bought this device to use in the kitchen but it doesn't work very well in there. Probably no point buying additional Alexa devices for the rest of the house if they don't get a reliable wi-fi signal. Maybe if you have super-duper broadband it will work reliably.


  Intial set up very easy, connectivity to wifi easy,  Voice recognition was easy enough to set up, and using to play games and for questions and answers is good.sound however is not as good as expected, distorted sound at just 45% volume with base, mid and treble all set at 0.Looking at other reviews I think I would have been better to have purchased the 2nd gen instead of this 3rd gen one.


  We already have the Echo Plus which is great but wanted a small Echo Dot for other rooms. First, I didn't realise that if you want to play anything or ask any question to the DOT you're still expected to sign up to Amazon and pay another £3.99 per month! But I can still use it to play some free stuff. But I'm not happy with the sound, it's really tinny.


  I bought this Dot 3 to add Alexa to my home office. I already had one Echo and three previous generation Dots. I found the Dot 3 to have inferior (muffled) sound compared with the previous generations. the software tone controls seemed to make no difference. WiFi reception is weak and causes frequent dropouts and stoppages in the same area where my iPad and Android phone work well.


  I bought this on a whim really because my brother had one when I went round for Christmas & he had it playing carol's in the kitchen whilst cooking the dinner. If it was twice the price I wouldn't have considered getting one. If you want it to play music you have to pay a monthly subscription, which was a bit of a surprise. And don't think it can tell you anything about anything either, it can't, but all in all not bad.


  I have not much use for it, you can ask it the weather (you could also look at your phone or even out of the window) the timer things are somewhat useful when you don't want to watch the oven. The speaker buzzes like it's at too high a volume... It isn't. The green light is when you have an Amazon notification (Alexa told me that one) but unless you throw money at it (Amazon prime, or Amazon music), it's pointless...


  Some good apps available to use on the echo. The shopping list and to do list are particularly helpful as it's not always easy to write something down when you have your hands full. However it is frustrating that you need to have access to Amazon music to be able to play music through it, which is a monthly cost. I'm not sure I would buy it again, because I don't see that it adds much value to our family life. It mainly gets used by the 4 year old to play baby shark on repeat, so maybe in a household where this isn't a feature of everyday life it would be better suited and used more to it's full potential.


  I have  generation 2 & generation 3 echo dots. The generation 2 is always available, the generation 3 looses internet connection at least once a week & has to be rebooted, it is nearer to modem than gen 2 dot!  Bluetooth connection to speaker was also problematic,  I have had to use the online support but it has made little difference. I am disappointed by this new dot.


  So the shopping list on the app is good no more bit of paper, reminders work well, but the problem I can't seem to fix is if the wi-fi signal drops out or is week it will sound a dong day or night which at night I was about to throw it out the window. I can't fix the signal as this problem is caused by others but dose not affect any other network device so why does the echo think that making a dong will allow me to fix it.


  I purchased this during a Black Friday deal and for £25 was a steal.  I had a second generation dot which was working great which I moved into the hall way and replaced it with this 3rd gen device.Overall my experience has been mixed.  The speaker for the new 3rd gen device is excellent and much better then the 2nd gen device.  However I have found the response to Alexa commands to be more slower and a bit more sluggish which was disappointing.  Also I found that the 2nd gen device would pick up my instructions rather then the newer device even when in the same room!Overall this is a great starter device and highly recommended if you are looking to step into home automation.  Those who are just looking to expand upon what they already have would be advised to try and snap up some older gen2 devices.


  Sound is better than the 2nd generation model. Voice recognition possibly not so good, but sadly reliability is an issue I have had one for 6 months and it has developed a fault, sound distorts badly after playing music or radio for more than 10 mins.Amazon are replacing it under warranty.But I had a similar problem with an echo 2 Which became faulty after six months of use unfortunately I had kept it in its box for six months before using it so it was out of warranty and therefore not replaced it doesn’t say a lot for the general reliability of these products I think.


  I like this product but the sound quality is very poor, my unit sounds like it has a vibration in the background or as if it’s not tuned in properly. It’s not all the time though so very frustrating. I bought a holder for it hoping that it would eliminate the problem but it remains. Very reluctant to purchase any further speakers as this has put me off especially as my sons got the google version which, the sound quality is much better. Come on Amazon I’m sure you could do better


  Not good enough (for me) at doing what it ought to be able to do - which is what I tell it to do - using the commands IT says to give it! and it still fails about 20-30% of the time to either respond correctly or sometimes at all. Definitely NOT worth £50 EACH. But I still got TWO at about £30 each with a discount, so almost worth it, but not quite - so certainly no cigar for you Amazon!


  I have the 2nd gen dot, 2 show 5s and a fully connected house.My concern with this device is its terrible inability to hear me.I placed it in the same place the 2nd gen dot was, it didn't hear me as well as the older version.It has 4 mics Vs the 9 on the second gen, which is older.The reason you'd buy this is to ask commands, not to really listen to its output: that's what Bose is for.Returned for a full refund of £22.


  Bought this for the bedroom having had several 2nd gen models which I really like... Got to say, I'm not a fan of the changes.It's much, much louder than previous models.  Probably a good thing if you've got it in a busy or noisy room like the kitchen or lounge, but having bought it for the bedroom I've yet to have it above volume 3.  Even volume level 1 is too much if you're looking for a relaxing sound in the bedroom before sleeping.And either the extra volume or the change to fabric covering has affected the sound quality as well.  It's got a slightly muffled sound, like you've wrapped a 2nd gen up in a sock or something.


  That's the most positive thing to say. Useful as a timer etc but caught it out many times with a question it couldn't answer and often mishears one word in the question, even when clearly pronounced. Not really interested in linking it to other devices - it's better for my health to actually get up and draw the curtains etc.! this was a Christmas present from my son after having experienced it at his home.


  Much louder and better looking than it's predecessor, but still not sure what purpose it serves.  Doesn't do accents very well and mufflers voices a bit when making calls with it.  Good hardware restricted by licensing.  Music for instance has to be on Amazon music or it won't play it.  I have a spot too and not playing YouTube videos renders that almost useless too.  As one of the biggest global companies, more money is needed to be spent on acquiring licences.


  I bought this on offer but I am not impressed by it.First of all, it is big and bulky and not as presentable as I thought.Secondly, the sound is not bad but could be better.Finally, it doesn`t respond to the voice commands appropriately and I have to repeat many times a command because Alexa doesn`t understand what I ask. It needs specifically and exact commands.Also, I have a Google mini speaker, and the responsivenesses of it is much better and more superior than Alexa. Google has more options and can hear better than Alexa.I wanted to buy more stuff from the Echo family, but I changed my mind and is not worth the money.


  My friend has one and I thought it was really cool. One of my favourite things about it was that he could make it play music. So I bought it for my bedroom as I have no speakers in there and I love listening to music. I asked alexa to play apple music and it told me to enable the apple music skill in the alexa app. When I did, it asked me to link my apple music account. When I finished it gave me a message saying linking unsuccessful. Multiple tries have been made and I always get the same result. I have fiddled with wifi settings, reset my alexa, Re installed the app and used multiple different devices, and nothing works. Very disappointing as I bought alexa mainly for music.


  It look so long to set this alexa up. I have the same one upstairs and the larger one downstairs which took a fraction of the time to set up. I had to keep unplugging it, putting the Wi-Fi password in which as everyone knows is a time consuming process! I am glad I set it up before my daughter's birthday otherwise she would have been very deflated going through that before she could use it.


  Received as a gift from existing user.  This one is my second, the first one, which gave installation problems was replace d by Amazon.This one was easily installed, but I have a problem with WIFI power, Alexa says she is having problems connecting to the WIFI.  My iPad shows maximum signal, but Echo will sometimes switch on, but music is intermittent.  On command the outer coloured ring will be red or will be sometimes blue.  I have had the signal checked and advised as fine, by Alexa does not seem able to perform.  This  is  very frustrating.  The problem idea is great, but my experience is  very poor.


  It's ok. There is a fundamental flaw with Alexa recognising Phillips Hue lighting. I received an email from Amazon, who are aware of the issue. That was 2 weeks ago, and Alexa still can't find my lights.On the whole, I find it a little gimmicky. Good for an alarm clock, reminders and the like. There are a lot of things you can waste time on with it, again, gimmicky stuff.Until the problems improve, shop around for something else. Thankfully, mine was a gift. I wouldn't have bought it.


  I upgraded from my 2nd Gen dot to this, it looks stylish and is far richer in sound quality but I’ve noticed it sometimes stops playing or cuts out especially in the middle of quizzes.  I also noticed some of my reminders only give a sound signal and not Alexa saying what the reminder is.I would like to say it was just with the one new dot but both are doing the same.  I have reinstalled the App hoping this will solve some of the issues but we will see.


  This was my 3rd echo. I have the plus for controlling hue etc and it is wonderful. I also have a hen 2 dot upstairs and that is perfect. It’s smaller, powered by a USB cable so is actually powered by a USB aux socket on my alarm clock.This was for the conservatory.It’s bigger than the gen 2 but seems to be no better. It has a dedicated PSU so uses up a power socket. Generally I prefer the gen 2; it’s less intrusive but you know, whatever


  Alexa occasionally recognises your command & you may get the Tune you asked for but not by the Artist requested.  Persevere asking it & you may get it if Alexa does not take the huff & switch off.Beware of the upgrade to Unlimited as a;lthouigh it is advertised as £79 yearly it will start at the end of the month & you will be charged £50 for the period of the month up until then.  BEWARE.!!!!


  We got the dot as a gift at xmas. The item itself is fine but the trouble we had setting it up was ridiculous. It wouldn't connect to the wifi even though we already have the amazon echo. We spent hours on the phone to the amazon support (in the philippines) over three days who got us to re-set the dot and our router then sent a new one out as it seemed that it could be faulty. The new one arrived and did exactly the same as the first one. After another hour on the phone they couldn't help and promised to call back in the next 24 hours. (they didn't) Eventually, we took it to a relatives house who has a different internet provider, it connected first time, we took it back home and tried again and it connected straight away??????????


  The device itself is great, a little voice activated internet search engine that doubles as a speaker. It's great paired with Amazon Music, and I enjoy this feature. The integration is good, but many of the cheaper lights etc. just don't work with it. To be fair this is partly the manufacturers fault, but Anson should make sure that any device sold on Amazon as compatible should be truly compatible.Where this device fails is where you add children. Teens to be specific. Waking up at 4:11am to a weirdly chereographed alarm at by these teens is not good. Nor is their ability to rename everything rendering your ability to use voice commands. Also, this had enabled them to argue with each other without leaving their rooms, but with the drawback that I get to hear every petty argument! I no longer have any peace and quiet. 


  Useful & frustrating in equal measures.Probably ok as a stand alone speaker but I want it to give me vocal control of my Denon CEOL (HEOS/Bluetooth) streaming hifi.Refuses to play my (linked) Spotify account through the Denon without me using the app!I’ve linked everything and set up a room configuration, everything I can think of.Also won’t give me BBC Radio 2 (prefers R2 Cymru, York or Warsaw (!?) ).


  I got my Echo Dot for free as part of a promotion. Would I have paid for one, probably not. The good points are that it's pretty easy to set up. It connects well with my smart thermostat and is easy to use for that. Although the smart thermoset app I have on my phone is easy as well. It's very easy to listen to various radio stations and the quality of the speaker is pretty good but to be honest I haven't really found a good use for it yet. The thing I was hoping it would do, but doesn't seem to, is to connect it to my PC for it to access my music (I'm still a luddite and don't stream music) I  store it on a hard drive attached to my PC which I then sync to devices like my phone so I can play it in the car etc . I can connect my PC via Bluetooth to the echo dot and via the PC and play my music through it (but have to phaff around with the speaker settings a little and can get the echo dot to pause the music. However I haven't found a way to get the music to restart but getting Alexa to do it so have to go a play around on the PC again and if I want a decent speaker I can play my music via my smart tv and sound bar which is connected to my PC


  Weve had a couple of Gen 2's for a while, and decided to "upgrade" when one started playing up (blunt force trauma from  my son knocking it off the worktop!) The gen 3 is a bit "thick" and "hard of hearing" in comparison to the gen 2's which worked fabulously.  The 3 is very slow to action commands, if it hears them at all and most of the time its "sorry, i dont knwo that one".  Id hoped it would get better with learning and time... but it hasn't.


  I purchased this Echo Dot as an add on to the two larger Alexa units I already had. And integrating it was, as always a doddle.It looks pretty good too. My only 'gripe' is the mediocre sound quality, which given the size of the unit is to be expected I guess. It's fine for listening to the radio etc., but music is not good through this unit. Pity. I will still use it though. At the price (it was on offer at £22) it was still good value.


  Like being able to just call up music and books on my echo.Sometimes though Alexa does not seem able to respond correctly to a request i.e. when I ask it to play an audible book which is in my library it suggests that I purchase said book!  Or cannot find an artists music to play, when they are a pretty popular artist.


  I purchased the echo dot to replace my aged radio / CD player, which had seen better days. It gives me the option of having my music tastes catered for as opposed to listening to hours of other peoples choices. My only real complaint, hence the three star rating, was the difficulty I had getting it set up to my WiFi. It was a real struggle necessitating calling in my son in law to sort it out. Even he struggled with it. However, once sorted out I have been impressed by the quality of the speaker and it's range of music content. Who knows I may even set up other devices for Alexa to work with, or is that a step too far?


  I had bought this primarily as a bluetooth speaker for connecting to the television. Found the sound quality when used for this purpose quite was not particularly good and it was difficult to understand a lot of the speech. Not really used it for much else as have returned it so cannot say how good it is at other things.I would have expected it to have a battery in so it could be used portable, but then the idea is to have one in all the rooms.Looks very smart, a great size and a brilliant idea.


  Have now used the 3rd gen echo dot for a few weeks and we find she is a bit deaf.  Unlike the 2nd gen which we use in another room we have to repeat either the wake word or sometimes the wake command.  Additionally like some other users we find the Bass is very deep so the Alexa voice is sometimes hard to understand.  Amazon have improved the appearance and musical sound quality, but neglected the core functionality.


  I use the product mainly for quick news and weather updates, playing songs and reminders. But one has to be careful not to get sucked into automatically getting membership of AMAZON Music or Prime. I found that I got subscribed to the latter two without my consent- but had to ring AMAZON Customer services to credit my account. I think this practice of automatic subscription to services  by AMAZON falls much short of my expectations.


  It seems i simply bought a sophisticated radio, that's all i use it for at this stage. It constantly tells me my device is not configured for my Amazon music when i am signed up on all the pads and phones linked to Alexa and i still cannot figure out how to integrate. It does not connect to YouTube or my phone library. I find it difficult to understand and make work and do not find easy help or assistance with that. Not very happy with this purchase.


  The device itself is sturdy and has a weight to it. Music doesn’t sound bad but it’s no Sonos speaker and doesn’t say it is which is fine. I purchased to control a Sony tv that said it works with Alexa. It will switch off the tv but won’t switch it on from standby. It also stopped controlling volume after day 2. For hue lights it seems to need very specific commands and needs further set up. Due to this I’m still using Google or Siri to control lights.


  The echo dot is compact and looks smart. The speaker sounds very good which surprised me. As for how useful or clever it is I would say as long as you don’t set your expectations very high you will be pleased. The echo dot is always mis-hearing you and seems to rely heavily on wiki rather than google which is a real disappointment. We find that Alexa often gets the simplest of routines wrong. It really isn’t clever and I am left wondering if I should have gone for the google version or what the real usefulness of it really is.


  I was disappointed that a 3rd generation product had flaws which were not present in the 2nd generation product.  It looks like it's been 'built down' to a price.  Fewer, dimmer led's for the ring light, fewer far field mic's (although it did OK in picking up my voice).  My major gripe, and the reason for returning is that it makes a static sound when responding - music and speech.  It doesn't do it 99% of the time - but it shouldn't do it at all.  My 2nd gen dot doesn't have this problem.  Also a little miffed that Amazon are moving away from standard micro usb connection for the power - smacks of Apple's approach to me.  Fair play to Amazon's returns policy - returned and refunded in a couple of days.


  Very temperamental.  Very USA based and has terrible time with Scottish accent and we are South of Scotland so not heavy accents. Not designed for UK market and continually bases quizzes,  and new on American knowledge.  Only good for playing music and only then if you put on a fake American accent so it understand. Wouldn't replace it.


  Sorry to write this here, I could not find a way to contact Amazon regarding this purchase.I recently bought an Amazon Echo Dot but it seems to lost its Spotify connection every time.In order to have it listed again on the IOS app I have to unlink/link the Spotify account through Alexa app then the device is listed again in Spotify.This is only happening to this Echo Dot which is on the same Wifi network as my iPhone.However I have an Echo in another room with no problem at all regarding this.Is there something I could do?


  The Echo Dot works well when you want it to play a song with an English title or to connect to a radio station in an English speaking country. Unfortunately it has difficulty in understanding requests to connect to radio stations in non-English speaking countries even when they are listed in Tunin or MyTuner Radio.  If you ask Alexa to list stations from the countries concerned some of the names are pronounced very badly.  If Alex were available in more languages I would have given the Echo Dot (3rd gen) 5 stars because for such a small device the sound is very good and the price is reasonable.


  Sitting on the window sill in the kitchen, you talk it listens and does nothing.Sometimes it answers ‘I don’t know that’.It won’t talk to my wife.It asked my name, then it forgot it!! Once you have it’s attention it can usually get the right song, fact or whatever.It keeps losing connectivity, I have to put it in setup and come out and it connects.Siri seems better


  Great for pop music Rubbish forclassical I asked for Bach's Toccata and Fuge and got Vanessa Mae playing it I wanted a organist playing it like Peter Hurford who it does not recognize The Mae version is appalling Nicola Benidetti is a true violinist who I asked for playing Korngold's Violin Concerto I only got the first movement this is not good enough Amazon sort out you classical music section I am not totally satisfied


  I bought an Alexa Echo as I have problems with my sight and anything which is voice activate is a very attractive  and time saving proposition.  This is a very good looking little device which responds well to instructions and the sound quality when playing music etc is excellent.  However, and this is a real concern, I was extremely unhappy to read that the device was being used by Amazon to spy on users with conversations being taped and sent for analysis.  I consider this a huge betrayal of trust and, as a consequence I always switch mine off when I do not want to use it. I would be very interested to hear Amazon’s view on this as it is blighting a really useful piece of technology.


  New ones have very impressive sound for such a small little thing - am very tempted to try stereo pairs in a couple of spots too. Despite being pretty tech-savvy these can be frustrating to set up sometimes, I have a couple that seem to periodically rename themselves to AERON or something like that. Have to be hard reset to fix. Spotify playback is... spotty. Music will cut out, stop altogether, and in multiroom audio drops out in random rooms from time to time. Not as bullet proof as I'd hoped.


  This dot is  nowhere near as attentive as my large 2nd generation Alexa. Often it is necessary to shout at her.Also she has developed a strong and annoying American accent which, she claims, she cannot alter.She does not support the TIDAL music service despite claiming she does, until the small print reveals that this support is only in the US.Try harder Alexa, this back sliding will not cut it.


  the product has nice sound & fairly responseve.My biggest critisicm is it is difficult for people unfamiliar to set up communicationESPECIALLY when the paperwork that comes with it has no setup instructions except plug power line in / download app.I found eventually i had to get the system to learn who i was then learn my voice & this is after connecting to internet which involves going through phone first then telling it to go through router.I had to use YouTube & a friend where we worked together & after 5 days struggle got it going.Very poor if any setup instructions.


  If you like to hear “sorry I’m having trouble understanding” or “sorry I’m having trouble connecting to the WiFi” then you ll love it!Mine works for 5-8minute bursts then gives up, even when the WiFi is working so I’m not impressed with Alexa at allI’m sure if I lived in a big city with perfect WIFi connection it would be great but I don’t and it’s not


  I was disappointed to find that Amazon no longer allows uploading of music, you own, having bought on other platforms, to Amazon Music/Cloud Player, which severely limits Alexa/Echo use, unless you subscribe to one of two expensive streaming services (Spotify or Amazon). Obviously a business decision, by Amazon, to increase streaming subscriptions, but extremely annoying for people who already have a music library and don't want to pay again for the privilege of listening to it via Alexa.There are a few skills you can use with Alexa/Echo to mitigate this but none are as good as using Amazon Music: MyMedia, searches your computer for suitable media and streams from your computer to Alex and back to Echo. This means you have to have your computer powered up and logged on to use MyMedia with Echo, this also increases your network traffic and means Firewalls sometimes block the service and need port forwarding. I have not been able to get this Skill working satisfactorily and have given up on it. It also requires a very small annual subscription. Plex Media Server is a much better option but works in the same way as MyMedia, although it has a much better UI an does work well (most of the time)but has the same drawbacks, computer on all the time ect. The best option I have found is MyPod. MyPod works by accessing files you have uploaded to Google Drive, which you then have to link to MyPod. this means you don't have to have your computer on but your are limited by the space you have available on Drive and the free version of MyPod is restricted unless you pay an annual subscription.So all in all the Disappointing because Amazon discontinued a good working method of uploading your own music content in favour of using their streaming service.


  I want to leave 5 stars because we genuinely love our Alexa in this house, but even with music unlimited we can't all listen to different music in the house a 4 year old girl 9 year old boy and parents will never want to stream the music. Also we don't find her particularly helpful. Her default answer is to look it up on the Alexa App or on Amazon online 


  Not as good as the gen 1 dot in my opinion. The sound is better but the voice recognition is terrible. I'm forever saying "alexa, STOP!" when she gets it wrong, which is often. The sound is ok for a dot but I have my Sonos as the default speaker so I'd trade better voice recognition for sound quality. I got this dot very cheap as part of an Amazon deal but I certainly wouldn't buy one at full price.


  i got this as a free gift when I had hive heating controls for my central heating installed. To be honest I dont use it often...and only to play music (rarely) inform me of the weather forecast (often) and to get cooking recipes. I can see its appeal if the smart features are used but then you have to buy those items.......and so they hook you in. I have enough gadgets as it is.


  Yeah it louder and a little clearer for music not what I would call awesome.  However it also deaf as a post!!!!I have 4 echo dots this one and 3 others, I can be standing next to this new one ask it to do something and I hear one of the others respond so the one 3 feet from me didn't hear me but the one in a different room heard perfect!?!?!?!


  Unable to link it to other echos in house. Repeatedly e mailed amazon/ helpline about this and keep getting told same generic answer to log onto the app. The app doesn’t tell you how to link them together and the help don’t seem to read about the problem but just send a standard reply to look at the app . Not very helpful for a “help” service and no other info to help is forthcoming.So very disappointed in the after sales.


  I do like my Echo Dot but it can also be extremely frustrating. Maybe it’s just because I need to get used to it. It was a bit of a nightmare trying to get it to link to Apple Music. Firstly, it said it needed a software update but then when I asked to update software it said it was up to date. Then, the following day it started working but stopped again a few days later. After several attempts at linking and unlinking my Apple account it now seems to be working. However, it now no matter what I say won’t play the radio and instead plays a track that was recorded for Virgin radio on Apple Music! I can only play it from the app.I like that I can check the weather, set a timer when I’m cooking and track my Amazon orders. Maybe I’ll come back in a couple of months and update my review then.


  Honestly if i had bought this full price i would have returned it! According to my husband Alexa is quite temperamental! LOL. It responds to my 5 year old and husband but chooses whether to answer me or my 2 year old! Now i can get it not understanding the mumbling of a 2 year old but i tend to speak in a clear precise voice(after working in customer service for many years) so what's the problem?  Anyway it provides enough entertainment for my 5 year old and for the price i got it, i can live with that.


  We have 3 all in and only the least used still works properly. One of them refuses to connect to Spotify, seeing as that's what it's main use is in that room it's useless. Have reset it followed, guides to get it to connect. Most we got was an evening, yet my Spotify can connect to the other two no problem. The second one is was used as an alarm. Won't be anymore, it randomly just doesn't work. These aren't even that old the Spotify one was got at Christmas and the alarm one was the July before I'm sure.


  Nicely made, Gen 3 sounds good, but cannot answer questions that the google Nest mini can!  It does not have the access to the internet to the same extent, but relies on Wikipedia for facts?Its aimed at customers (present & future) who subscribe to Amazon music accounts.I do not subscribe to music channels so returned item.


  Bought mainly for the grandkids to use when they are here for music in which case it is ok. For me, as someone a but fussy about his music, the sound quality is pretty dire and sounds shrill and fatiguing after a while. It's worse than the cheap Bluetooth speaker my wife currently uses.It also struggles with a Brummie accent and I need to keep speaking slowly for it understand me and it isn't as good with every day information as a certain competitor.The grandkids like it so in that respect it does it's job but not quite as good as I was expecting and I'm a little disappointed in it.


  Waste of money even at deal price .Mmm I don't know that is the popular response to questions from Alexa.Friends Google much more knowledgeable if this is what wanting one for .Mines become a glorified radio player and the Amazon music (extra cost) playerNot bothered trying smart plugs etc (can't answer questions so wasn't wasting money on these just in case )Definitely be getting a Google from what friend can do once they out deals back on


  The product was given as a gift.I have used it as a radio which is useful allows me to tune into fav radio stations although they do have to be digital. It does not like medium wave which is needed for local sport.To play music i have no intention of buying into Amazon music. When you ask it to play a genre then I would expect it to play that genre rather than change it without asking within 4 tunes.Timer useful as I cook.As I said the fancy bit of asking for lights and heating to be put on is of no use to me. The Flat is not capable of integrating to control lights and heating which, must be the main point of interest.Would not have bought it for my own use.


  Like: hands free way to use radio in the kitchen. Good for making shopping lists nd to do lists verbally and having it link to the phone. Fun interactions with children about Santa over Christmas. Bought for less than £10 before Christmas and value for money.Dislikes: very limited range of information available from the internet...google on  the phone is far more accurate. Sound quality not as good as my much older wireless speaker. Too easy to purchase items accidentally in automatic set-up. Radio stations sometimes drop out for no apparent reason and just stop. Wildly varying price puts one off buying other devices.


  Fed up of shouting at Alexa or that she can't connect to the internet when there's no internet issues. This happens across all Alexa devices.She doesn't hear you right or plays a completely different song.Great sound quality - I got it for 29.99 but definitely not worth the full price.Took ages to be delivered as they ran out I think but I would give this a miss. Wish I hadn't bought it.


  Works great by voice control or through the Alexa app & the sound quality is good. The most annoying thing is that if you ask it to play a radio station it just cuts out after a short while. Doesn't matter how many times you try as the result is the same: it plays radio for less than half a minute and stops. Really frustrating so hopefully this will be sorted out soon.


  Just received today and trying to link with Spotify on iPhone but no proper instructions so given up! Will leave for my tech mate to sort ! Speaker quality went weird when I moved it / probably me and I’m sure it’s nothing can’t be sortedUpdate all sorted now and I love it / use for music and lost without it now but even my techy friend struggled to link up with Spotify !!


  The third generation unit has a much better but is more temperamental with internet.  In the end I’ve swapped it with a second generation from another room. The second generation is much more stable.If you a strong WiFi connection and are planning to use the onboard speaker then this is great but if in doubt go second generation.


  It’s ok. Just fed up with hearing I need to subscribe to amazon music when I want to listen to a random song.  I should be able to choose this instead of the prime tv channels that I do not use on my prime delivery account.  I’m so annoyed that this is now 29.99 when I paid 49.99 two weeks ago!!!!!


  After you ask for an alarm to be set each time it asks wether that’s am or pm which becomes very tedious and annoying as I have multiple alarms set to ensure I wake up. If you say for example “set an alarm for 10:30am” it will set an alarm for that time. However any alarms after midday where you may say for example “set an alarm for 12:30pm” Alexa always replies with “alarm for what time”. If you say pm after a time it disregards everything you said before that so you would have to say “set and alarm for 12:30” Alexa would say is that “am or pm” then you would have to say pm.I had the competition before Alexa and I have to say Alexa listens better overall but it terms of alarms the competition beats it by a long shot as it was easier.When playing a song on Spotify also I ask for the song to be repeated and it says that Spotify does not support a repeat song feature even though they clearly do so that’s annoying as you have to do it manually through your Spotify app.The echo dot however is much nicer looking and user friendly with its buttons on top and like I said it responds much more accurately with my voice that the competition. The dot also had a sleep feature which I use every night which is helpful as this was a feature I was scared it wouldn’t have but it does.


  To be honest not overly impressed. I purchase four of these at once. If I had known what I do now I would have only purchased two. My main problem with them is when you link two of them for stereo. You only get stereo while streaming amazon music. When you use AUX,BT or play music from you play list from amazon music you only get mono.If you want a speaker for a bit of background music (ie what I am using the other two for) then they are ok.I never excepted mind blowing sound but I saw no mention of the massive limitation on the stereo linking part of them. If you want stereo buy another product as these fall very short in that area.


  Got this before the promised date, so a good start. Easy to set up as we already have other echo & dots in the house. The sound is far superior on this model & I was initially impressed. However after 2 days, i noticed there was a crackling, distorted sound which came & went. Assume there is a problem within the speaker somewhere so have had to return it. Will re-order but now at higher price. This would have got 5 stars if it had have been in full working order.


  I bought it with the hue lights so we had a more modern version of our light control in the living room for our table lamps. That works fine. However, my husband has decided to add music unlimited and talks to it and asking stupid questions. Very annoying. I just hope that the novelty wears off soon. The fact that he was able to request amazon music unlimited as well on this device annoys me. I don’t want financial expenditure authorised from this device.


  This is my third Echo device, but I'm a little disappointed.  Firstly that TuneIn Radio is now no longer supported (one of my most used aps), but also now that i have three devices (the third in my office) the communication and drop-in functions are a little clunky... Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't.  I still massively enjoy my Alexa, but don't think I will add any more devices.


  Am still testing out this product to see if I like it or not !! Not sure if it’s just my ears but the sound seems quite dull although the volume goes up to a reasonable loud Level, am not feeling the sound being right with my ears !!On the bright side it’s quite a decent little Bluetooth in appearance and looks quality.Then there is the issue of limited music to get the songs I want have to subscribe with amazon music for extra £3.99 pm for unlimited as my Prime account only has limited music selection included.And only works being plugged in to mains.It is also a handy dandy little thing to speak to whilst cooking and not need to manually type!I have mixed feelings about it....ultimately will need to get a Bluetooth thats sounds pleasant to my ears....


  Tries really hard to get me to buy into Amazon music, but otherwise she's a great gadget.You just need to get used to it, but there is so much you can do with Alexa it's quite surprising and impressive.Spotify integration is quite bad. Ask for "music from" or "songs by" or even "this is" of any band on spotify and it just defaults to *bands name* radio. Quite frustrating.


  Barely understands Scottish accents compared to Google which can even understand some Scots not just Scottish accented English.The hive integration is what I would call functional but not that useful, especially since it struggle to understand the difference between the word all and hall, or plug and plugs when you're trying to control groups or individual devices.Pretty much just used as a radio alarm and basic speaker for Spotify and occasionally arguing with it over what light or plug socket it thinks I wanted to turn on.Edit: On the topic of Spotify it struggles to find songs despite them existing and being able to be played manually on it from my phone. No idea why it fails so hard at that point.


  I spend most of my time arguing and repeating myself with Alexa so the novelty has more than worn off. I pretty much use her a s a glorified cooking timer now. She does turn my heating on and off and answers the odd odd trivia question I throw at her but it's a gimmick now. The amount of times I've had to repeat a simple question is just stupid. I don't trust her whatsoever as an alarm as she'll either take the wrong time or say one wasn't set.


  I mean, for the price, I can't complain. Got it for £1. However, if I don't subscribe to amazon music it is an absolute chore keeping it connected to Spotify. I don't want your music Amazon! After a few songs it stops playing, and sometimes thereafter it won't connect back to Spotify, even though I have selected Spotify as default. Other than that is a handy device to have. Wouldnt buy another at full price though as its more annoying than anything else.


  Bought as a gift for someone with impaired vision. Didn't realise that the BBC removed their radio stations from Amazon Tunein. So can not access these. You are suppose to use BBC Skill and link it to the Echo. Doesn't work. So this was disappointing. However the user seems to be happy enough accessing other stations and asking Alexa about the news and weather report.


  Purchased this dot as an extra control unit and alarm which is does very well. One thing I have noticed is the voice is very muffled compared to my first generation dot. I’ve tried all the usual remedy’s to no avail. However I purchased this when it was on sale and use it to only control lights and alarms so it’s not a grand issue to me.


  I've had the 2nd Gen dot for a while and the 3rd gen dot for a few weeks. The 3rd gen is an improvement in sound quality and volume and definitely looks nicer BUT despite Amazon claiming new technology to enable Alexa to hear you better across a room and in noisy environments I think the 3rd gen dot is worse than the 2nd gen. As soon as the dot is playing music (and not even loud) Alexa goes deaf and I have to shout to get her attention. Even when there's no sound I think gen 3 is worse at picking up the wake word "Alexa" than the gen 2.


  I use mainly for music as it easy when we have kids, the only thing I don't like is she listens in on everything. Then randomly talks if something sounds like her name, or can't find alot of things or doesn't understand but was great for the price saves getting up youtube for music


  Nice Small Size, Sound disappointing, despite having another replacement is still very distorted, although a lot of people have commented the same. I think its a manufacturing thing, as a lot of other reviewers have said, they all seem to be like that, sound ok but a bit vibrational and a bit distorted, although as my dad tells me, what do you expect for a speaker that size, you are never going to have perfect sound.


  I feel that Amazon devices are becoming tedious. You can't really interact with Alexa like you do with a human. I find Alexa very limited with the things it can do.I would say it's a novelty device, and as soon as the excitement wear off, you will end up with an expensive egg timer!Also, how much do you value your privacy?


  Terrible been trying to connect all day just keeps saying conected but no internet and to press yes but there is no option for this. Can't speak to amazon waste of money and time. I can increase this to a 3 star as my echo is now working, however only due to extensive research it apprears that you cannot use a samsung tablet or mobile to set up alexa. I had to use a fire tablet that fortunatley my children have so i could set up alexa once this is done you then use the app on any device. Surley this should be listed somewhere to avoid a whole day being wasted obviously you need amazon tablets to set up. Poor poor poor


  works fine some of the time. However registerd with Itunes am not sure if this is usual I would have expected it to register automatically to amazon. This has turned into a problem as some features are asking me to register again, surely you do not have to pay £50 every time you want to use a different feature. Was bought for me as a present would not buy one myself.


  As a standalone unit, its brilliant. However stereo pairing is still an issue with these speakers despite hundreds of people saying they have the same issue. So if ur buying just 1, then its brilliant. much better sound quality than Google (I also have that). But avoid if you want to stereo pair them . BBC,  tune in etc only come out of 1 speaker. Spotify and Amazon music play stereo as does virgin radio.


  It is good at basic tasks like listening to music, alarms and the weather but 70% of the questions asked she doesn't know, the only answer you get is "I'm unable to answer that". I would be nice if it was able to search Google for answers to questions. I don't use any of the other home products and the home security doesn't work in the UK so it is a very basic product unless you willing to spend alot of money for the home products.


  As an overall product this is great! Reason for 3 stars is I was using to integrate with an old Sonos Amp system & when connected the volume of the voice on Alexa is extremely low. This is due to Sonos ‘clipping the audio’ on Alexa so nothing to do with the Echo dot itself. If I was using this as a stand-alone product I would highly recommend purchasing as setup, audio quality and ease of use is very easy


  Really like my Alexa, only draw back is you have to purchase Amazon Prime to be able to access all songs, otherwise you can only listen to whatever is free. Should have mentioned this in the description before buying!! Bit of a con. Not prepared to pay £9.99 a month for Prime  to access all songs. Sorry, for this reason I do not recommend.


  Great sound quality for its sizeWhat lets it down is the poor integration with popular streaming apps, spotify/netflix. You ask for a very popular song by a very popular person, and it will play you a compleeeetely different song from a different artist, also the Netflix integration is just.. annoying.. it will get confused to whether you're asking for a song on spotify or a film on netflix, also any netflix request resets the firestick to the home screen and boots up netflix a second time, waste of time.Apart from all this, I do kind of like Alexa, and she can be helpful when setting timers, alarms, and asking for a wikipedia description


  This has way too much bass which makes Alexa's voice and talkradio sound far too muffled. It's fine for music but I bought it for speech. The graphic equaliser in the app is poor and does not improve the radio much. I found out the sliders don't work on Alexa's voice. I returned it.


  Fun gadget but also a hard sell. Alexa will recommmed Amazon products quite often. Also be careful with answers given. It’s not always up to date sadly. Alexa does not know bus and train timetables either. Pity.Weather news etc can easily be accessed online on your laptop. Will keep Alexa just cos I can’t be bothered to repack and send back. Sorry. Am sure people who have smart homes might find Alexa more useful.


  Essentially it’s just a voice activated speaker, unless you’re super techy and know how to integrate it with other devices etc then you might get more enjoyment out of it. I bought it as a present and the recipient isn’t really sure what to do with it, even after I set it up for him!


  Didn’t play at first- responded to requests to say what it was going to do but nothing happened. Resolved that, now the sound is either quiet or loud in each skill- not consistent. Playing a special podcast is a nightmare even via bbc sounds. This is our 3rd echo dot in the house- the others haven’t been half as much of a problem fortunately.


  We use our echo dot to play music and it is good at that.On a more interactive level, Alexa rarely understands the questions that we ask her (even though we’ve got good, clear accents!) so it is much quicker to Google enquiries than to pursue the charade.That said, I thought it would be a useful device for my 84 year old father to use as a radio/music playing device so ordered one for him on May 13th. This was the first weekend for weeks/months that the echo dot hadn’t been on offer so I wrote to Amazon asking whether they would offer a concession any price given that we already own four of these in the family. They refused and said that they had no plans to reduce the price to £29.95 again. So I bought it for my dad. And it works.Lo and behold, I noticed more than a week ago that the price has gone up again Whilst I don’t begrudge my dad anything that makes him happy, having been a Prime member for more than ten years now I am understandably rather miffed with Amazon.


  An ok little speaker, however the audio quality is no where near what I expected, in fact the quality is pretty poor, with very little bass etc. Also, sometimes it’s hard to get Alexa to play my playlists on Spotify, it only plays my liked songs. It also freezes quite often when trying to change the song so overall pretty underwhelmed compared to the apple home pod! I’m glad I got mine on offer for a lot cheaper or I would have returned it by now and exchanged for a better speaker!


  I have gotten this dot as a present as I would not have bought one myself. First off it is kind of useful for playing some music on Spotify for example, and asking random questions. This is pretty much all I have found it useful for.  You will not use this as much as you think. It will sit there doing not very much most of time.


  Maybe I should wait longer before reviewing but you have asked so here goes. I have failed to integrate with the rest of my “Alexa” units. They are Sonos but I understood from information on line that it was easy. Not so, even my tec savvy son was unable to connect. My only chance is to call Sonos and hope they can assist. They normally do.


  As a family, we love our Echo Dot (3rd Gen) speaker in the kitchen.  It gets some good use!  However, here we are one week beyond the one year warranty period and the sound quality has drastically changed, with now a very audible crackle apparent, particularly with low frequencies and deeper bass sound.  Obviously now I can no longer return it.  Surely these should be lasting much longer and without such a fundamental issue?


  RECIEVED THE DOT ..BUT WOULD NOT CONNECT WITH MY WIFI..TRIED DIFFRENT THINGS BUT NO JOY..LOOKING AT  THE ADDS THEY SAY EASY AND SIMPLE TO INSTALL.....WELL NOT IN MY CASE...BOUGTH THIS ON BLACK FRIDAY FOR 24.99  WHCH WAS A VERY GOOD PRICE....BUT IT HAD TO GO BACK...BUT I ONLY GOT 18..99 REFUNDED...NOT QUIET SURE HOW AMAZON GOT TO THAT PRICE....WHY I AM BE PEANALISED WHEN ITS THERE PRODUCT WONT WORK WITH MY WIFI....NOT A HAPPY CUSTOMER


  Alexa Echo Dot will give some answer to genuine questions, provided they aren't too difficult. Language recognition is very limited, both in dialect and world languages. I thought the anecdotal American elevator that doesn't understand Scottish was over the top, but it seems Amazon haven't achieved accent or dialectual differences yet, and the recognised languages are also a) limited and b) only available for use one at a time. I think it will take several more years and quite a few "mark"s to get something I find properly useful.


  1) I asked the time of the next train to London. She didn't know.2) I asked her to play music by Benjamin Britten.  She suggested that I buy the record.3) I asked for some soothing music. She started with a solo rock drummer.4) When she did play music that I wanted the sound quality was so abysmal that I turned her off.What's to like?


  Had this in the Christmas sale, the sound and loudness of the echo dot is brilliant. Also it is small/compact so can be put away if not using. The only bad thing about it is that Alexa finds it hard to pick up certain accents which is very annoying on times! I would recommend but wait for the sales...it is not worth full price!


  Good sound quality for a small device, you have to get close to it or shout as it doesn't seem to pick up voices as well as the adverts have led you to believe, it loses internet connection quite a lot but I've found that with Amazon products in general (my Fire HD 8 does the same) also Alexa doesn't seem to know as much as you think she would, I've asked questions that she doesn't know the answer to.


  Unfortunately while answering yes to my granddaughter I inadvertently ordered membership of Amazon Audible!!!! I wasn't asked to confirm either verbally or via email and I had to go through a relatively complicated procedure to cancel the membership. My son-in-law has now programmed so verbal ordering cannot be done but it has tainted my enjoyment of my new Alexa


  Perhaps I am just unlucky, we have three different smart televisions in our house all less than three years old, 1 Sony and two Samsung’s this echo dot isn’t compatible with any of them, I also have a Bluetooth speaker and it won’t even connect to that, yet my iPhone and iPad both with the Alexa app downloaded on them will recognise and connect to the Bluetooth speaker.


  I got this on a black Friday deal. I already have an Echo dot with the clock, so I bought this so I could pair them to get stereo sound. The sound these units produce considering their size,  is exceptional. Overall ,a good device but it has issues.If you listen to the radio via tunein,  you get stereo sound however,  if you listen to BBC stations- which are no longer available on tunein- via BBC sounds , it only comes out of one device.Another annoying issue , when playing a playlist,  it will play the first few songs and then stop.Hopefully, these issues can be sorted with an update in the future,  until then only 3 stars.


  Bought echo dot coz £22.00 sounded like a bargain. Upon receipt & using for a couple of days,to say I'm seriously underwhelmed is an understatement..Alexa is 2bassy,has issues understanding basic commands & can't turn on my fire TV bcoz I have 2 registered Amazon devices & one needs deregistration 2 enable Alexa 2do her stuff...wtf..??. :-/


  I am not overly impressed with the Dot, as I struggle with reading as I am disabled. Not certain how to get it to repeat the info it tells me and I am struggling to get my tv and other gadgets to link with it and then again I don't know what is being achieved by doing so? Any audio or visual help would be great so I can further understand the DOT!


  Ok for a smart home and people who understand and use modern tec, not much use in an old house with older people. Hard to intergrate a standard fridge,tv etc and much more work to ask alexa to make a shoping list and then to make a list anyway because it can not connect to any thing in the house that can write a list.


  This was a Christmas present and for that it was nice to receive and fun for a while due to free Amazon trial subscription. I sure would not of bought this for myself otherwise.I am sure Alexa will improve going forward but at the moment it is just not good enough. If it was 1999 then the echo dot would be the best thing since sliced bread, it is however 2019 and Alexa AI is a bit stupid/mundane to say the least. A poor workman blames his tools but unless you pay a lot of monthly cash to Amazon the experience is virtually non-existent. Unless you want an average Bluetooth speaker that can fart on request I wouldn't recommend. A bit of a Christmas cracker toy in a nice box.


  First few days it was great, the sound quality is good for such a small speaker so I was impressed but then when asked to play the same tunes later on she couldn't find it. I have tried every thing to get it to play but no luck. She will only play music I have purchase via amazon music and nothing else. This has confused me because it was fine to start off with. I have now abandoned Alexa as it has totally wound me up!


  Hard to integrate, few directions. Doesn't seem to recognise BBC but will play classic FM. Will not identify my voice. Knows wikipedia but knows nothing about bus or rail info. No problems with my lancashire accent. Will play Gustav Mahler on request. Ideal for people on Spotify premium. At Black Friday prices worth playing with.


  I have  a problem  with mine I cant change the  name from Alexa on the App.  I sent a email to the support line and they sent me some instructions still  didn't  work. Set up was really  hard as well to connect to my new phone  not as smooth as I hoped.I'm going  to return it and get another one. The sound quality is really  good


  Sorry to say I have not found this unit either as effective or as responsive as my other dot and echo. It seems incapable of filtering background noise as well as the others do, it's speech recognition is significantly less accurate, and the sound - whilst much better for music - is considerably too skewed to the bass register and equaliser changes make no difference. Rather disappointed with the unit to be honest.


  Wish I bought a google home...the echo is very limited, it can’t answer most questions you ask itI only use it to play “sleep sounds” at night and my Spotify music. The sound quality is ok but I decided to connect it to my speakers so I can shout at Alexa instead of using my phone to select music (pure laziness).That’s about the only decent thing the echo can do.If you’re an avid amazon shopper and have a “pantry” subscription or wherever it may be of use but other than that it’s completely useless


  I was most disappointed that I couldnt play music that I had previously bought and had downloaded onto my computer through this speaker. You can only play music that you buy through amazon, or via an amazon music subscription. Quality is ok, you cant expect too much from something that size really. Alexa has it's limitations too, I seem to get the answer that it doesnt know a lot! Was hoping for more, and I would have been more disappointed if i had not got it half price in the Black friday sale....


  I found that the dot did not pick up my voice.. I had to be very close to it or speak fairly loudly, often having to repeat commands. The sound lacked bass... I have a small travel speaker that produces better sound. If you're going for one of these, I recommend the Echo, rather than the dot. It is far better and doesn't have these faults.


  Pros - ease of use, quick set up, decent sound quality, solid basic commands for alexaCons - Bass is very poor and trebles tend to be on the high side, Alexa falls apart as soon as you ask it secondary commands such as queuing songs, understanding quantifying terms such as little, lots, etc. There's a very clear bias towards using Amazon music over Spotify, though understandable considering the product but incredibly irritating for the end user.Worth £25 - yes


  Really like the design, sound quality is very good.Bought 2 one for kitchen and one for kids room. Mainly to use as radio and alarm clock. to install you need to get App. Problem with App started soon after downloading. Own Samsung Galaxy S9 and noticed my power went down very quickly,also following day went to see Christmas Lights at Kew and wasn't able to use camera to record things.As soos as I got rid of the App from my phone everything back to normal. How power draining  was the App? Fromm 100%power to 45% by mid day. I'm light user og the phone and on average I have 60% by evening.


  Purchased this item as a gift to myself for Christmas as I heard so many great things about it. Was easy enough to set up via the app on my iPhone, however, for some reason it hasn't set to Amazon UK and has set up to Amazon SPAIN!! Therefore I can't listen to BBC Radio as well as other radio stations and podcasts and all the emails I receive regarding the Echo Dot are all in Spanish. I have re-set it numerous times via the app settings on my phone to the UK, unplugged it, re-set it to factory settings by pressing a button on the Echo Dot as instructed on-line and taking it back to factory settings, even ensuring my Amazon account is correct on-line (which it is), but still it links to Amazon Spain. Hence why I'm only giving it 3 stars overall.


  Echo dot does everything it says on the package. Now I know it probably does not speak every language (or does it?) it certainly cannot speak our Countries first language which is Welsh, kids were really disappointed when asking for facts they had to repeat it in English. Now I know a lot of people will just say JUST SPEAK ENGLISH but in little minds its harder to keep translating in your head before you speak. That's my only grinchy complaint about it.


  Excellent in some ways average in others. Access to 50 million songs, gives accurate news and weather.Has difficulty understanding me sometimes, which is very annoying. Will not respond to my 4 year old granddaughter's voice. One of the reasons for buying this was to help my granddaughter with her maths and spelling.Overall, give it another year and it will be better.


  Only had for 1 week so not had a chance to explore fully. I got this free with a Hive system and it works well with switching the boiler on and off and turning heating up and down without having to get up and do it physically. When I work out how much it costs to play music It might be redundant as It has no settings to take off the heavy base it comes with


  This is my third Dot which should not be taken as me thinking they are brilliant. I recently bought a dot with a clock but this was to replace the first dot I bought which has become dumb, the voice just stopped working. Disappointing and I would have expected it to last longer than it did hence me hoping this one will last a bit longer. The build seems sturdier but I suspect the innards are the same so not optimistic.


  Item crashed after 2 weeks. My music playlist stopped after 5 tracks..(out of 34) frequently. I updated amazon music and alexa app and after 24 hours, all seems well just now.My broadband is the fastest in Scotland, (Virgin Media) so no problems with that, as I checked with them if they might have some issues going on, but that was not the case. I bought this on a whim, but so far it has yet to impress me.


  i bought this so i could play  sounds of a night to help me relax, Alex will argue with me at 2am !  i ask for wave sounds and i get wiki definition of  sound waves and she wont shut up. you have to give clear instructions and quickly you cant stumble with your words even if tired, it now lives in the spare bedroom


  She doesn't understand what I say! I don't have any  problems with the Echo dot 2. It seems Alexa has regressed in the Echo dot 3. She infuriates me so much, misinterprets what I say and she can't seem to hear me over music playing.  I often end up telling her to shut up! which makes me feel better.


  We do not have problems with our main Alexa but the new echo dot, keeps turning itself on and off, does not respond quickly to request, i sometime have to go very close to the machine and speak loudly to it. It is by the way for use in the bedroom whereby i am not one yard away from it when asking to play music. Not very impressed with this little version of alexa


  I have used Alexa very little since I suppose it has been programme to be exploited and as a retired 77 year oldI cannot afford to play the 9.00 GBP plus demanded by Amazon. I was going to have the 3.99 GBP untill I realised it was only for one month. I tried a free programme but Alexa said it could only acept the prime version, I am disappointingly stuck with something I cannot afford to run.Since it was a free gift from EDF I shall have to give away, sell it or throw it away...


  I got this mainly because it is supposed to be perfectly integrated with my fire tv stick 4k yet sometimes it has problems doing anything on the fire tv stick for example when i say "alexa play 2 broke girls on fire tv stick" which is on Amazon prive videos, sometimes it just works and plays immediately and other times it tries to play some song called 2 broke girls! I don't understand why it cant remember what I use it for and just do what I want it to!


  Great for producing answers on the fly to many questions, providing reminders, wake ups and what at first seemed to be a 5 minute wonder, Alexa is likely to be the most important new product in message for many years. The Echo dot has been beautifully designed, of great quality and wonderment how it can be so well made for such a small price.


  Not really worth the headache. Got this to assist in controlling the TV and connecting to my soundbar via Bluetooth. Originally wanted to go Aux but it won’t allow output to aux out AND internal speaker, which makes it basically useless unless the soundbar’s on, so Bluetooth it is. Voice recognition on this Echo is a bit dire in comparison to its regular size brother, which is a bit odd.


  This particular product had terrible sound quality and I have returned it however I have re brought one which is awesome. The product was "delivered" thrown over a 6 foot garden gate on to concrete, not surprising the speaker sounded awful and the dot cut out mid way through tasks.However the new one I have is great, they do glitch at times but very easy to set up and perfect for listening to music or podcasts.


  Alexa can be useful but honestly, my sister has a google home mini and its way better. The speakers and microphone are not very good quality and the voice recognition isn't great. Also the app is badly designed and the set up is more complicated than necessary. It does do the job but when you compare it to others on the market it just doesn't compare.


  It cuts out for up to a minute.  It is SO annoying.  I bought it to try to learn Portuguese.  Useless because of the cut outs.  Other than that, it’s great.  I have only just stopped saying “please” and “thank you” to it.I understand that the cut outs, particularly BBC Radio 2, are known to Amazon and they are trying to eliminate the problem.  I’ll hang on to see if it improves.


  It's ok, if you have Amazon prime it works well but you need to have all Amazon's add ons for it work work to its fill potential. I have a Amazon prime and us Alexa in the kitchen so can access the radio stations but its limited if you want to listen to certain sounds you have a limited selection with your prime membership and can only get full use by having prime music so more money spent on it. Fine if you use it all the time but not so much for use, would rather have something else.


  Its ok. Glad I got it on sale and not at full price. It struggles sometimes with basic voice commands like "what's the weather in ........." and will sometimes give random answers. Plays music ok and i got it for the radio mainly so good at that.


  Happy I purchased at a heavy discountThis is the 3rd Alexa device I have, and I don't want it to be my lastIt's plug-and-play usability is great (as always), and the voice recognition doesn't disappointWhat annoys me about this device is that you can't use it for prolonged periods without the sound going 'fuzzy'. It doesn't regain clarity again until turned off for a whileDisappointing


  Frustrating playback issues with both amazon and Spotify it can't find certain playlists and keeps cutting tracks short or stopping playback altogether. It's a great sound and I enjoy the radio playback but the music services are so unpredictable I'm thinking fo going back to playing from my PC.


  I don’t use this nearly as much as I thought I would. It does not seem to do much voluntarily or print you to do other things. Can be a bit temperamental especially with trying to get it’s attention. I would not buy this at full price not unless you have something to specifically use it for. I find the app is not that helpful either.


  Stops and starts on her own, nearly packed it up to send it back, voice recognition can be a real battle, until you can eventually phrase a question exactly how she wants - just as easy and quick to use Google for most rhings. Good for the visually impaired and older people who have a deal of patience and time.


  I have three Alexa devices in the house and all three of them have a tendency to talk to themselves at random intervals. For example, yesterday I was sitting in the lounge reading the newspaper with no sounds in the room when Alexa decided to tell me random facts about some Sri Lanken politician. This type of thing tends to happen about once a week on at least one of my devices!


  Those sneaky Amazon people with the latest updates this no longer supports  Alexa Communication/Alexa Calling on anything less than  iOS 10.0 or higher. Android OS 5.1 or higher. FireOS 5.6.0.1 or higher (Fire tablets only) So don't bother looking for the Communicate icon! This is not made clear on purchase of Amazon devices or on the description given here. Not impressed!


  This generation of the echo dot has much improved sound, especially considering the size of this device. It's able to produce bass frequencies the the previous generation could only dream of. However, the voice recognition doesn't seem to have improved at all, which is a disappointment as this is probably the most frustrating thing when using Alexa.


  The Echo dot is an interesting device, though you need subscriptions to several Amazon services (eg Music, Audible) to get anything like full functionality. The voice recognition is reasonable, but by no means perfect and the sound quality is pretty poor. The cost of adding other smart items (bulbs, switches, thermostats) is still very high for functionality that is of dubious value.


  I lomike my Echo Dot but I'm quite disappointed with the skills available in UK. I have a Smart TV but Dot can only change volume & channel. Calender & To Do skills aren't good either - US users have much more available... if I'd know this before hand I wouldn't of bought it...


  Im pretty disappointed to be honest with the search function amazon use as every time you ask alexa a question it usually ends up her saying I don't know that one. But the functions that do work well like music or using smart devices work equally as well on rival devices. Amazon really need to up their game on alexas search function on knowledge as I may just end up buying the Google device instead as we end up using Google in the end anyway on our smart phones.


  I do find the speech has too much base so at times very difficult to understand Alexa especially if there any other sounds around. I have tried the treble function but this makes no difference. I am not sure if this is a problem with all these machines or I have a faulty oneNot al all happy with it


  I find it useful for turning off and on the smart sockets I’ve connected and for giving me basic info, controlling basic functions and playing amazon music - when it understands me. It simply cannot open the BBC so a main use of it for me - to play the radio and use the BBC Sounds features - is unavailable.


  It's ok does most things but I've only used it for the basics just now will up date when I can.Dont like when you ask something & it responds with something that has nothing to do with what you asked or it doesn't know ir doesn't have the answer for what you've asked. Sometimes its quicker just looking it up yourself...


  Lots of times Alexa do not respond, when I ask it anything it lights up just for a second and then turns off. Sometimes most days I keep trying but it don't work then I have tried moving it but it happens the same , I also tried turning it off for a few minutes but still the same then a while later it works and this is very frequent


  I have just received an Echo Dot (3rd Gen). The sound quality is a very noticeable improvement from that of the earlier generation, however somewhat very surprisingly, if you give the voice command to increase or decrease the volume, the device responds: "Sorry I can't control the volume on your echo dot". As this 3rd Gen device has been available for some time in other parts of the worlds, I would have thought and expected, what is presumably a bug, would have been fixed by this time.  I have removed 2 stars on account of this problem but would be happy to rate this device 5 stars if this issue is remedied promptly without delay


  Good when you have a single echo. When you have multiple echos and the kids are asking alexa to do something at the same time in different rooms you get a red ring and the units become unresponsive for a short time. You can't play different music on different units at the same time either.


  Good luck trying to command Alexa while it's speaking/playing something. You'll be sentenced to hear the entire thing before being able to ask Alexa, or keep trying to hunt that split second of silence within the playing thing to be able to ask her to shut up! Which is unfortunate.Other than that, and apart from her usual stupidity, it's fine


  In general a few moments entertainment to see what she can do - but unless you  are lonely or have a specic need or disability I don't think you will find her of much use.  The technology is very promising though. She has a remarkably accurate understanding of what is said to her and may well be the forerunner of clever dictating machines or intelligent phone answering devices.  Perhaps " Make me a cup of tea " would be handy too!Tony.


  The sound, voce recognition and looks are much better then in the earlier model. The sound is as almost good as in the larger version of the speaker. However, there is a fault... on rare occasions the voce recognition feature crashes and stops responding. This occasionally happens with some visual effects as the rings starts flashing etc. I think she may have contracted the novel coronavirus. However, this would make her patient zero. Alas, the return window has passed and I cannot find the replace option....


  This is my second Echo dot (first 3rd Gen) and its a little disappointing so far. Whilst the speakers different it's not necessarily better - perhaps it just takes a little getting used to. I also thought it would be as responsive as my 2nd Gen dot but seems to fail even more.


  Have asked her so many things and her replies have been "hmmmmm I'm not sure about that" and goes back to sleep again.  Having said that, she did know the capital of Venezuela and she is quite useful in other things, but you need to make your voice clear and succinct, otherwise you will lose her.


  I was super excited about getting an Alexa. It looks great and sounds great. It’s an amazing tool except the biggest flaw. It doesn’t play my Apple Music. If it can’t play my music I feel it serves no purpose. It’s making me so sad. I tried linking it multiple times but it just doesn’t work. Feeling extremely disheartened.


  Initially loved Alexa. Bought an Echo and thought it was great. Added two Dots. Then the disappointment set in. Found out you can only play one thing at a time, ie child one cannot listen to their own song if child two is listening to their own song. Really thought that they were more than extension speakers. Pity because the grandkids loved them


  Alex can sometimes be stupid and not understand what you ask it also any radio stations you have to use thr premium service which they don't advise until you buy the product also itune will not work on amazon music again a chargeable service apart from that all other parts sound and American voice is good. The skills Re good once downloaded from the app


  Would not set up a connection with my wifi.  Kept kicking out of the app. Instead of having a straight forward setup route had to do trial and error to get there. Took 1 1/2 hours and a very annoyed wife to set it up. Pleased I also have a google home mini which had all of the above and took 5 minutes to setup.


  I use the product with Spotify unfortunately Alexa has to be told things in an exact specific way to play things through Spotify especially around playlists and will only work if you have premium spotifyThe voice recognition does not always respond effectively to your voice despite training it when you first get itThe speaker itself as you would expect for the price does not work great at any higher volume and turns cracklyThe one main bonus it does have is Hive connectivity


  I thought with this plugging in, it would then charge the internal batteries, there are none, how stupid for this to not have its own power supply .,. You can buy a battery pack dot clip on £25/50 ...cupboard dust collector .,, was a present, think I'll regift


  having a conversation with Alexa can be frustrating. From a global radio listening perspective, unless you know the exact name of the radio station in the country you want to listen to, Alexa will not be helpful to discover radio from countries that one would like to listen to. We are a Sonos household, with a substantial home library of music - the Alexa/Echo doesn't work with local libraries unless one uploads the whole library to Amazon... and it's not possible to control the Echo via the Sonos app (or have it join a Sonos group). As for the converse, I'm not interested to control my Sonos speakers via an Alexa/Echo group - no way.


  This is a great device, speaker really surprised me at the good sound quality. Alexa can be very funny at times. Only issue I have is you need a subscription to play a certain song you like, which is not very fair as you need pay out more money.


  Hook up drops out periodically for some reason. Still not using to its full potential but just need to adjust to it.  Issue with Spotify account link in that it won’t so defaulted it to Amazon. Voice recognition also a bit hit and miss.


  Xmas gift, not something I'd have purchased to be honest but I like my gadgets. But I was pleasantly surprised works great on all fronts only negative is no Bluetooth to play my own music which I have a lot of, so view is money making gadget and still the same view and wouldn't buy.


  A good product, getting used to it, very responsive. However, does not fully meet expectations. Plays music via Amazon account very well. I did expect Alexa to play music via Spotify but sadly not the case.....will only allow if I sign up to Spotify Premium which I am not prepared to do. Perhaps this is because it is the cheaper Echo Dot and not the most expensive Echo Plus.


  Generally quite good, it plays music and tells us the weather forecast.  However, we have three now and can play music simultaneously in all three rooms.  However, for some reason the multiroom feature doesn't work for BBC Sounds, meaning we can't listen to a BBC radio station in all three rooms simultaneously.  This is very disappointing.


  Like: Using just basic functions (radio, alarms, weather etc) and very useful. Sound quality is very good for size / price - overall a very useful addition.Dislike: Set-up - didn't realise that 'purchasing' was automatically set-up so when a friend asked Alexa to play a certain track I was immediately signed-up for Amazon Music....Changing this (and the settings to stop it happening again) has been frustrating (2 hours on phone to Amazon support yesterday). Support were very helpful but struggled to implement the right solution.Without the set-up and privacy concerns this would be a 5 star review


  Good for playing music and setting timers, that’s all I use it for. Although the music library you do have to sign up to and pay monthly for, it’s not as much as Spotify but the Spotify library of songs is far far superior.If you really like your music loud I’d go for the next one up because this one becomes tinny after about 50 percent volume


  Been having a few issues with the device as it was bought to work with Alexa Echo. Sometimes it won't work as it thinks the other device is in use when it isn't.I'm sure it's just teething problems: but annoying none the less.


  Alexa is great when she works but can be very temperamental!! When she is working she is generally on point, and the dot seems to pick up commands from a good distance. However, when she is feeling temperamental she is a nightmare, she will listen to commands and say she has actioned them but nothing, or she will just ignore you completely. Usually resetting the wifi works, but shouldn't have to keep doing this, the glitches need ironing out.


  I'm in  MY eighties and want it to remind me of things for later . She doesn't seem to understand what I say , And then comes a reminder I can't understand.  My younger friend doesn't understand her either . I keep getting emails to help but that doesn't help with the speech.  I find American very difficult.


  Really struggled to get this to set up and  connect to my Wi-Fi on day I received it. After leaving it off overnight I managed to get it set up the next day. The sound volume is much louder and deeper than an Echo Dot first generation but also sounds a little bit muffled.


  Alexa is good for usual simple questions and alarms etc but for mor complex issues forget it. Amazon music when I ask Alexa just repeats songs I have heard the played the day before and so on. Not really impressed


  Well the next sale came along so I bought another echo dot with the clock for my bedroom. I'm assuming it's going to be a great little bit of kit but I haven't been able to use it yet as there was no power cable inside. Not like Amazon I have to admit. More anon.


  It was impossible to set up Alexa Dot mk3 with my Samsung Galaxy A50 phone, (it continually failed to connect), I had to use my iPad to enable the setup.It would be interesting to know if other users of the Echo Dot mk3 have had similar problems setting it up ???


  Disappointed that we had to purchase a replacement for the 2nd generation Echo Dot after only a few years, which failed to connect to the internet, but was even more frustrated that the 3rd generation plug and power supply is nearly as big as the Dot itself, so it wouldn't fit the existing kitchen socket, so the Echo Dot is now been regulated to the corner of the kitchen, making Alexa comms very difficult. Bad move Amazon!


  I thought by buying this second echo dot I would be able to play my music upstairs (when not using my other echo dot downstairs ) without having to pay another subscription which doesn’t seem to be the case unless I am not connecting them as they should be ! Surely this can’t be right? A TV licence covers multiple tv that are playing at the same time! I only want to be able to play one or the other depending where I am in my house!


  Alexa makes us laugh because she can't answer many of our questions, if you are prepared to pay for the additional items you would never leave your seat as it seems this device can turn lights on and off open and close curtains and many other little jobs. It hasn't improved our lives and we wouldn't have one if it hadn't been sent to us as a free gift.


  Bought this Echo dot to make easy life at home. Device works OK, respond to,, Alexa,,name, but I really didn't like a lot of advertisement and first thing my son ask was,,alexa play school songs''  And it start playing Eminem with all swearing words.


  Basically it is a good idea and I like mine, it was a gift, but I can't play what I want to unless I pay a fee every month and I object to that, otherwise it plays music that isn't my choice if I say "Country" or "Love songs" instead of an artist of my choice.


  I bought an Alexa, which we love, so ordered this for a second room. I was surprised and disappointed when this one was the American voice. I have had one or two misunderstood requests, but got there in the end. It’s fine as a second option, but I prefer the original Alexa.


  Only bought this as grey matches our decor. My husband swears not as good as our original one. Doesn’t seem to have many songs in certain categories.  Ie asks for 70’s funk plays about 3 songs ( always same ones ) and than other 70’s songs and we upgraded to amazon music


  In some ways the sound quality is lack lustre but I have mine synchronised across the house and going from room to room without losing the musical link makes the investment worthwhile.If there is a piece I really want to listen to rather than have it as background I go back to my main source radio or music source.Rod Hayes


  HiSo i was expecting my Sandstone Echo dot to have a digital clock on it, as i had to choose the sandstone colour if i wanted the clock feature. I shocked and disapionted to find i dont have a clock on mine i dont think it should be offerd as a option if ther not going to send it feeling a bit conned.


  A lot of questions get the answer 'I don't know'!If asked to play music of the sixties / seventies etc she is not precise and muddles up the decades.The same with classical music. I don't always want 'classical music for lying in the bath'!


  The audio jack is output only so you can't go jack to jack from your TV. I can't connect it to my Xbox directly. If I connect Alexa to my laptop via Bluetooth then stream from my Xbox to my laptop over WiFi then I guess I can get around it that way although I haven't tried. No time display on this model either. Unless you have smart everything then it's a bit pointless tbh.


  So my alexa keeps randomly making a beeping noise at me, does not like music loud starts to ting and bass jump, stop recognisign my voice as much I thought it was my old 3rd gen alexa that was the problem as its dropped a few times but the new ones just as bad tbh I was thinking about moving to Google but how well it will work with the hive idk will just have to buy one and see.


  Fed up with constantly being asked to pay £3.99 a month for a better service and access to more music, plus Alexa sometimes interrupts with Amazon adverts, I would rather pay more initially for the Alexa than constantly asking for a monthly subscription


  I love the many and varied things Alexa can do from playing music or sounds to help me sleep to answering queries and there is also an element of humour in some of the answers which I like. Overall Alexa is very versatile and I have only touched the tip of the iceberg of what is available and I loved the choice of colours, my only gripe is that Alexa does not always understand my dialect and my request or command is misunderstood which is frustrating.


  Being of the older generation this was purchased for me by my daughter, it is great for asking to save my shopping list but when asked to reveal its contents it does so very fast not allowing me enough time to write it down. Maybe it's just me but I have to give a true account of my findings.


  So I finally got an Alexa. All thanks to Amazon Prime Day!Been a little hesitant about getting one, but pushed through it on Prime Day. It is not bad, it does what it says on the box. But I dont know I was expecting to be using it alot more.Only person in the house that talks to her is my kid .. Alex .. so Alexa does often hear this, and wait for instruction that does not come ..


  Very limited ! I hate the fake news BBC and SkyNews in fact I cannot stand listening to the main stream media ! But unless it’s me I cannot get the thing to use proper news media outlets ! Is big brother controlling it ?I joined the music app and talking books that’s brilliant !But not quite Star Trek is it ! and I have to laugh it’s programmed with a Trump derangement syndrome and it’s a remainer lolBottom line it’s Ok for the money but very limited and it’s a Deep State programmed !


  Not as good as my older echo dot, despite Alexa telling me it is going to play stuff from the BBC sounds it doesn’t play whereas my older echo dot plays it. This has been replaced as the amazon help line was unable to get the first one to play from BBC sounds, the replacement doesn’t play the BBC sounds either.It plays music well and the sound is much better than my old echo dot.


  We have three gen 2's and went for a gen-3 this time. We bought 3 more gen-3's for family members while they were on sale. I can tell you for certain, that gen-3's are quite deaf compared to the gen-2's. So much so, that you have to shout to get it to hear. Gen-2 will hear a whisper. I personally recommend gen-2, but not 3.


  This is the third Alexa in the home,, another dot and a screen version in use and very good.This one is in the bedroom, all works ok but when you ask for music, it plays for a minute then stops. Will reboot and try again otherwise it's going back.First time Alexa product has let me down.


  Initially I was very impressed but within a couple of weeks Alexa was struggling to connect with the wi-fi and then wouldn't play. The app wasn't very helpful for troubleshooting.  I am hopeful that 'she' will come back to life! Perhaps it's a problem with my internet connection...not totally unheard of!


  Just not worth the upgrade the speakers is better but not great base is shocking at anything pass volume 4 or 5 just pops biggest problem is it's no longer usb powered so portability is a big problem now it's a good bit of kit just if you have the 2gen dot keep it


  Occasionally Alexa will activate even when we haven't spoken or said the word Alexa.My 28yr old son thinks Alexa is a spy.My husband on the other had has made it a daily task of asking it the most stupid questions.  He also had Alexa add pangalactic gargle blaster to my shopping list.


  Disappointed. Will not play music requested and inserts adverts for Amazon frequently. Asked for Tchaikovsky 1812, “not possible without subscription” but played it last week in compilation? Asked again & it played Holst, Beethoven NOT Tchaikovsky! Why? Now it’s playing yet another composer and has told me “only 6 skips allowed in 60 minutes”. This is not what I expected.


  I recieved this as a gift and I expected that it would work similarly to siri or the google assistant on my phone, but it doesnt really seem able to help with general knowledge when im doing homework, only with specific functions that need to be set up beforehand and a tiny bit of general information. Also my original echo had problems with the setup so o couldnt get it to work. I asked the people who gave me it as they are used to echos and they happened to have a spare so we swapped. Not a bad product but its not very useful for the way I was expecting.


  I thought I had ordered the echo dot 3rd generation  that had the LED clock and greeting but obviously I made a mistake on the ordering processits much heavier than the echo dot second generation and the sound quality is excellent which I really like


  Disappointed that although I pay extra a month for the echos in the girls bedrooms as I already have Alexa you can only listen to one device at a time. The reason I bought one each for the girls is so they could listen to there own type of music.


  Great for controlling smart home devices. But some smart devices are limited if you have old house eg. thermostats and they also may strain the wifi unless you have a hub.Personally, i had to call alexa 2 or 3 times to wake her up and often she understands my question wrong unless I speak very slowly and clearly and loudly. This becomes annoying if you use it for a long time.I wish Alexa had more features to make her feel more as a companion instead of a robot, such as questioning back, because I only use alexa to control smart devices and I wish I could talk to her freely without any false voice recognition.


   Have two Gen 2s that operator without issue. This gen 3 has better sound when it works. But develops terrible distortion when streaming. Crackles. Returning this one, hope the replacement is better. At least return is easy if you get a problem.Update. Before sending it back I connected some external speakers to see if the problem was to do with the internal speaker. All was ok, and since disconnecting the external speakers the dot has performed without issue. Original one star moved up to three


  The echo dot is clever but not as good as we expected it to be, there is a failing in the understanding in a lot of commands, however I do think as there are grounds for improvement it will get better. The music playing clarity is superb. It will not enable a telephone  call to be made to a none Alexa account. So at the moment it is still a novelty


  ALEXA TURN OFF THE F-ING LIGHTS!ALEXA set timer for 13 minutes ( pasta ) ....“Timer set for 30 minutes”ARGHHHHH F YOU Alexa is what you will find yourself saying quite often.But it does work kind of.


  Sound could be better for me. I wear hearing aids. Sounds muffled. Clever aid though. Only problem is getting Alexa to recognise Spotify. The Aps okay on the tablet but not recognised by Alexa.


  Really love my Alexa, however I mainly got it to play the radio and that functionality isn’t working which is annoying. If it were I’d rate it 5 stars. Can’t wait to get smart light bulbs or plugs and use it properly but for now it’s alright.Wish you could use it without it being plugged in. For some reason I thought it was portable but it’s not.


  I’m having to return to Argos to get my Alexa Dot exchanged.  It was bought as a Christmas gift so I’ve had to wait to get the receipt from my son before I can exchange it.  One of the connection ports does not work so unable to use speakers. I’m hoping to get it exchanged at Argos on Friday Jan 10th when I’m next in town.  Hopefully I won’t have any problem getting it replaced as it’s faulty.  Otherwise I’m happy with my Alexa Dot.


  I wanted it mostly for internet radio as reception for aAM & FM is poor in my area. Works great for this. But I do not like that from Six feet away I have to shout to get it to hear me.And if the sound is up I have to virtually scream at it.


  We have an Echo dot in the lounge and wanted this one for the bedroom but after about 30 attempts won't sync, we know its not a wi-fi issue as have wi-fi in the bedroom, considering returning. We are giving it one last go at the weekend, if no joy its on a return journey


  We already own an Amazon echo and this was equally straightforward to set up and use. However the main reason we got the Dot was to use it as a wake up alarm using radio. The BBC and Amazon have now fallen out so if you want to wake up to any BBC station this is no longer possible if you live in the UK. You can still listen to BBC radio using the irritating BBC Sounds Skill that announces itself every time you ask for a station. But no more waking up to BBC radio! Unless you live in any part of the world but the UK!


  Really inflexible. Thought it would group up with mey Google Chromecast audios but it won't.  The Amazon music app plays to them fine but this thing doesn't recognise the speaker groups so it's being flogged on  Facebook. Will put the money towards another Chromecast audio before they disappear completely.  Sorry Amazon but you need to look at what other people have in the market and make your stuff work with it.  Put the childish differences with Google aside and you will both make money.


  This is my second dot and the two get mixed up all the time..... my original dot which I subscribe to Amazon music keeps switching off..... and needs resetting daily...really disappointed: I was going to subscribe to all dots Amazon music but don’t think it’s worth it. I still need my radio....very disappointing


  Works fine for most Alexa tasks. Music isn't great but you can look past it when it's not a base heavy song.Unfortunately It seems to be dying around the 1.5 years mark. Unfortunate


  This is our second echo. having to start again with the Alexa training. Can't share the amazon music subscription, not even when the other one is inactive, now looking to either upgrade subscription or try Spotify.


  The Echo dot has fantastic build quality and sound, but Alexa really lacks certain functionality. She fails to answer or do certain tasks that other assistants can do. Spotify doesn't work as well as I would like it too, and Alexa can't cast to certain devices.  Overall a good package, but could definitely be improved.


  unless you subscribe to all things amazon this thing is limited in use, i got fed up with the phase,'i don't understand' or 'i don't thing i know that' or 'you need to subscribe to......' to play music. I t is now in the drawer until I decide what it is good for!! I did like that i can get radio stations as they are free and it makes a good bluetooth speaker, I will use it eventually but it is very frustrating!!I also changed its name to echo as it answers the telly whenever theres an advert for it on.


  Bought when it was on offer, very good sound, especially for 99p its best speaker I ever had. With Alexa I think I need to get used to, however I expected more from a smart home things...


  Easy to use, Alexa is a bit repetitive on her quiz, could do with a software update. Only had it a couple of weeks. It marked my wooden cabinet and the top of Alexa is already scratched. After only being knocked off the cabinet onto carpet. So not very hardy .


  I do like the Amazon echo solution, however they seem to fiddle with device software frequently. I use to be able to talk normally to my Alexa devices - now I have to shout. Lots of questions the Google home can answer seem to stump Alexa - infuriatingly she replies 'sorry I don't know that one' to most questions.


  The product is clearly fabulous, but I'm astonished about the fact that most of the high-quality jack cables, which usually have a thicker jack, won't fit!I'll have to buy a dedicated cable.3 stars is most definitely a punishing score, but such a design flaw in an object that may be used as an audio hub should not be ignored.


  I was given this product as an incentive for another product that I bought. I fail to see what is the use of this product. If I want information, I can just use my computer browser. This is another product which will have unintended consequences. It will make people even lazier and therefore fatter than they should be.


  Although the product was fine, nice sound, able to play radio stations, set alarms etc. The one thing I bought it for, it was unable to perform, and that was to call various landlines via voice for my sight impaired wife. i.e. 'alexa call doctor' or 'alexa call chemist'. So I'm afraid I had to return it for full refund.


  Ok... so Alexa has her plus point - I can hear her when she replies, when she tells us the outside temperature she is much closer than Siri... but that’s it. She totally ignores requests from me! Without downloading shortcuts and skills she would be useless unless you want to listen to a radio station. I know she hears the words I say as I can see them in the app. She just chooses to play dumb!!! Oh and she won’t tell you wind speed in good old mph - even if you change the app and then reset her!


  I was about to send it back as I couldn't access and BBC station when i looked on three forum and found that the language could be changed. Changed to UK from USA and it worked! Some notification to check this before moaning(!)  Would be a good idea


  Impressed with the sound quality and general information- If you're think about getting one of these read up on Alexa skills. It can do a lot of things but it's not always easy to know that there's a skill available. not the easiest set up but once it's done, its fine.


  Having no phone app. I did it through the computer. Complicated for the uninitiated. My Grand-daughter eventually sorted it out for me. Ok for simple reminders, like TV programmes, which is my reason for using it, but not always reliable, and not easy to verbal command, as I've had more than one argument with her.


  Well it's ok nothing special unless you want to pay a fortune for light bulbs and thermostats (plus installation ) good for music if you pay a monthly fee. Needs better access to settings. And half the time says sorry I dont know that or I dont understand


  Good quality great price on black Friday.Drop in when you use them like walkie talkies sound quality isnt very good and you get echo feedback . Ours are really far apart so isnt electronic feedback.Used mainly to turn lamps in and off in different rooms which is great but dont use full integration.


  It is a really great product, HOWEVER... I use Spotify and if you say ‘Play Spotify’ it will reply with ‘Here’s Spotify’ and then play music. But after around two months, the  above would be said but no music would play. The app would say it’s playing music but nothing is playing. I’d ask to change the volume, I’ve tried disconnecting my Spotify then reconnecting but it still doesn’t work. We’ve also had a new WiFi router so it’s was out of use for a while and still didn’t work after.


  Like the size the base. What I don't like is most questions I ask Alexa is confused and never has a real answer. Remedy for this is use Alexa for anything audio related and sit right next to it a Google nest for for questions an calenders and such. This way you have it all


  It seems a bit buggy/glitchy.E.g. I appear to have music unlimited but some requests will only play a station based on what I asked forAnd games like 'beat the intro' and 'tenable' are completely unplayable for me for whatever reason. On two devices..If this all gets fixed with software updates, the sound quality still isn't the best, but I can't really complain too much for the price (when discounted)It's just OK.


  Second one in the house would like to have relayed  messages to another person in the other room but Alexa doesn't communicate with her counterpartsThe new one has a click that is so dim you cant see it in the dark.


  Ok first of all I didn’t realise I had to click on free delivery to get free delivery . Obviously that’s not the products fault . It was pretty easy to set up but the annoying thing is you have to pay for the music . No where does it say this in the info . So basically useless unless your going to pay . Also Alexa asks if you want to subscribe and you say no but sets it up anyway . Be warned folks you could end up paying for things you don’t want . Disappointed to say the least


  This has much better sound quality than the previous Dot which was so bad I bought a speaker for it. I am quite happy to use this as is and it is nice and discrete, I use it mainly as a bedside radio. However, the sound quality is still not as good as the full size echo. so if you are buying it mainly for music then go for the big one.


  Its hard to get alexa to play th same play list even though you ask for the same thing a day later....she misunderstands what you say  sometimes which is frustrating. The system crashed on the third day of me having it. Only had alexa a week so im sure ill work round some of these things. On the positive the speaker is good quality and it is good being able to turn the music up/down or change the song in the kitchen when cooking.


  It's not an expensive item so I wasn't expecting too much. It works perfectly fine but, the sound quality is absolutely terrible. Great little gadget but you really need to pair it with an external speaker if you want it for music


  It is a good product and it arrived on time although it doesn’t work when trying to connect through a WiFi hotspot you have to have WiFi to set it up or you can’t once you have set it up you can connect via Bluetooth but i haven’t been able to set mine up still due to I haven’t got WiFi i have contacted customer services and they say that you can connect through WiFi hotspots on IOS devices but I have tried 20 times now with no effect so only buy if you have unlimited WIFI at home


  Great functionality however sound is too flat. Still really good value for money if sound is not your priority. You could connect it to an external speaker with a cable for better sound. Alternatively, the bigger echo has significantly better sound.


  Making playlists is a great feature and finding songs eventually is a complete joy.I'm misunderstood quite a few times with the voice recognition.Also when taking the volume higher then 7 or 8 it distorts and sounds terrible.


  Alexa has very limited connectivity with other devices other than light switches a d plugs. For the life of me I cannot get Alexa to play BBC radio 4 on our Sonos system even though Spotify works like magic. These companies really need to get their acts together and start working for the interests of their customers.


  Dislike the fact you have to join the Amazon music at £7,99 a month it's far too expensive.  Why isn't it free.  Plus to play your own music from your pc you have to pay again.  You advertise it as a great gadget and you assume you get the things free.  I like the fact you can ask it to do various other things but music is my main thong.


  Mine doesn’t seem to have the clock function as advertised?It does irritate me that it has to plugged in constantly.However the sound quality is great.


  I love the echo. But this seems to have gone backwards the longer I have had it. The sound seems to have a lot of interference when basey and Alexa often doesn’t recognise commands. Matt have been an update.


  I bought this product mainly to control smart devices in  my home but some of the functions such as the weather, time etc. are useful. What is not useful and quite annoying is when Alexa breaks into singing dittys at 5.15 in the morning. It can be quite an eerie experience. Some common requests that I would have it to understand and respond to were met with "sorry I don't understand that request". There is a lot of development still to do on these Amazon Echo's before they will become truly useful. I use it to control living room lamps mostly.


  It's an amazon echo device you would think it would link to another amazon device very simply, but no because its a dot it does not connect straight away with my echo its as if it was two different manufactures keeping them linked on multi room devices is a pain as soon as you Finnish playing an album they unlink and you have to go back into the amazon app to sync them up again surely as they are from the same manufacturer you would think they would stay linked. Saying that for its size the dot does sound good.


  Sound quality was surprisingly very good, I have two of these now and linked them together so the same songs play in multiple rooms which is great, but the microphone doesn’t always register my voice and find that I have to shout at it a lot


  The sound quality is very good for such a small device. It doesn't understand what you are asking it to do. For instance l can control it from the app but vocally it says can't find. Hard to set up for music everywhere. Alexa should initially find devices itself. Needs alot more work.


  Bit pissed off with Amazon I bought this for £50 two days later they were selling it at £30 . The product itself is ok no real complaints although it's not very loud, the problem isn't with the device the problem is really with amazon , even with prime u don't get all the music , that cost even more ,


  Possibly being me I struggle sometimes with technical situations can manage everything I require bar asking Alexa to play my prime music list. Also  30% of my requests  for music to be played, play something entirely different. I have recently purchased two smart plugs hoping that they will work out okay. Delivery is spot-on no problem at all with any delivery.


  Voice recognition is quite good, but does struggle with some intervention skills. The sound quality is not great but ideal for a personal speaker only. However once plugged into a sound system via the audio output jack the speaker no longer works and you cannot use intergration skills to control home if not on in the Alexa source of your system. There should be a setting to allow speaker or at least Alexa responses to be heard through the dot even if plugged into a sound system.This was the only let down


  I got this as a gift for Christmas, I honestly wouldn't have bought one for myself. It's ok and good for things like the weather forecast and playing music or the radio but it's listening to you all the time and can even hear you whisper!


  Nothing to dislike as regards Alexa btifyou want to listen to music without ads it does cost you.So in my opinion it is a ploy to get you  to join Amazon music at £ 4.99 a monthTo stream your own particular genre


  its ok but sometimes is easier to get the right answer first time via your mobile on google etc.great for radio etc maybe better for those who subscribe to full packages


  Personally do not find it that useful It's fun and easy to use but Alexa has very limited understanding and does not know many useful things e.g. local bus and train timetables. It's OK, but could certainly live without it.


  Good bit of kit. Voice recognition good but the understanding/ results don't seem a good as Google assistant on my phone but then they are different. Some confusion over whether it has a clock display on out not. Some photos soar to show a clock which would be useful at night too save asking it. Also the latest version is not IAN compatible so can't use it in the car or power via devices with USB or so always need to find a spare socket which are a premium nowadays.


  Hi still having trouble setting it up at the moment & ive been exstremely busy to sit down with it , just found out i need to do the voice reckonision so need to sort that out so once i sortnit out im sure il be to go , their wasnt any real instrutions with my Alexa ?


  I think I got the "special" alexa. I randomly get told the time. I don't even have to ask. Could be attention seeking behaviour but didn't expect that from a speaker.  I do not have a strong accent and I'm quite clear in my commands but alexa still seems to become confused with my requests. Alexa also doesn't always like the music I play so songs may stop from time to time. Other then that (when it works) it is a canny little speaker.


  Very disappointed in the poor quality of music,  does not sound very much like my CD's, did expect better, also expected a better variety, there is lots of music I am not able to access. I wonder if a more expensive one would be better


  I enjoy the product and 'Alexa' but the system does not always shutdown on command. It turns off but after a few seconds the light comes back on intermittently.I tried ringing the help desk but the problem could't be resolved.


  I was given this as a gift, I don't really see the point of it as I hardly use it for anything. Am I missing something??!! What am I supposed to do with it beyond asking it weather or play music which I don't really do.


  I already had an Alexa Ech dot at work so knew what to expext.I ordered this second one which was posted from Mitcham in London but when it arrived it was fitted with a US adapter.  Ended up having to buy a travel plug.  Might as well have bought one direçt  from Amazon as worked ouf only £5 cheaper and have unsightly adapter on it all thevtime.  Be careful to read the "read more" section!


  replaced my other dot as I thought it had developed a fault. Alas no. Alexander keeps losing radio for no known reason. I have to turn off and back on to reset so that I can continue listening.  What a pain in the a###.


  We’ve used ours in the kitchen. Very handy for setting reminders, cooking ingredients and recipes. Only downside we are finding is playing Apple Music though it, has it don’t understand when it comes to playing music.  We enjoy listening to the eighties or nineties music, so when we ask Alexa for these we end up with country music for some strange reason. Not paying for another music provider. The main reason we bought this was because it said it was compatible with Apple Music.


  At first this review was going to be 5/5 but then Alexa stopped recognising most of my requests .. okNow 4/5Then at 2 am Alexa decided to connect to my fire stick and turn on my lights ..!!I know this because she woke me at full volume to tell me !Now 3/5 ...


  Good sound quality and good when works. But occasionally doesn't understand what I ask, seems to prefer to play Amazon music when I have Spotify linked to it. Occasionally come on even when not activated.


  We love the principle of this... this is our second, the first returned as faulty, kept cutting out midway through playing songs or actions etc... the second is only particularly better often have to tell Alexa to resume the playlist etc.A little disappointed! I can see why the £22 Black Friday deal was on...


  This Amazon device needs you to subscribe to get the best out of it, I do not use it very much as it is a duplication of devices that I currently use with a voice command.


  Amazon dot is nice electronic component to home. Sound is very nice. What is problem is very complicated pairing to computer, requires programming skills. Next problem is just understand 7 languages. I from Slovakia and i would like by one to my family just big problem is anyone do not understand any languagesthat supports alexa. Next problem is voice recognition in max volume, because when music plays aloud alexa then hard to hear commands and I have to shout at her.


  It's great as a radio but information wise is terrible, Alexa very rarely gives us the correct answers, when I Google the same questions they come up on my phone..


  If you're willing to entirely buy into the entire Amazon ecosystem and cancel other subscriptions then this is the thing for you. I'm extremely annoyed by how temperamental it can be otherwise.


  It is great if you want an organisor/music player but it does not know the answer to most normal questions as it cannot access any search engine or anything except wiki just not worth it think I will be waiting when the Google is on offer and getting that


  This is my first Alexa product always used Siri. Firstly Alexa doesn’t do much at all but I can see it’s potential. The sound quality could be better it sounds muffled and really basey this is when playing music and when Alexa speaks. Needs an equaliser this would be really helpful.


  Smart looking but I personally find it a bit difficult to get to grips with on some of the system is getting phone calls and keeping the calendar on so I can be reminded of appointments. I also wanted to change the name but could not.its seems to get muddled up when asking anything about towns and cities in UK seems to inform me about Americans towns even when I have said in the UK.


  Let down by poor bassy sound quality even when bass turned right down and treble and mid range turned up.... adjustment hardly have an effect. Also there is no option for 24hr clock on spoken time.. voice recognition also iffy at times.


  I don't like how it's only compatible with a few music apps, I think it should be paired with Amazon music obviously but have a Bluetooth connection for all other apps so that you can use it for every app, for example SoundCloud and Netflix. Having to use an aux lead to play SoundCloud music is very restrictive. I'm pleasantly surprised by the sound quality however the bass could be a little more pronounced. Voice recognition is perfect.


  Better design and sound than the first one. Annoying that it doesn't have a micro usb and detachable cable. Can't plug it into usb wall sockets and so now need to utilise a plug socket.Would be good to have music out the headphone jack and voice out the dot when connected to an amp


  Good sound for the size. Looks well. You will still find yourself screaming at it for mishearing or not getting your pronunciation unless you talk like a presenter on BBC world service and does give you the red ring of no way Jose often.All the same when it does work it works well but you'll still have the confidence that if the machines try their uprising anytime soon they will make a right mess of it.


  I bought this just to listen to music. Was expecting the sound to be a lot better. You can adjust the bass once you have the app downloaded. But I find the sound poor. Granted it is only a small speaker but expected it to be louder than it is.It will do for the kitchen


  This is the third Echo Dot I’ve had the first one didn’t work, the second one stopped working after 16 months. Hope this one is fine. Apart from that I rally like it


  The biggest downside is that the Freetime parental controls are NOT available in the UK. Which is ridiculous because if you buy this product for a child, you expect these controls to be around (google any parental controls, and they all point you to Amazon Freetime parental controls.... none of which mention are not available in the UK)This product is really good. It plays music really well, although the adverts are tedious if you do not wish to pay an extra £10 per month for amazon music.Why is Freetime not available for the UK???


  i really like the Echo Dot, but my use for it is actually less than what it can provide, for Example without amazon music unlimited you cant search for most songs you would like the hear. without a smart Home manager installed in your house, you cant control anything with the Echo dot, but it is good for the little things, like setting timers, checking weather, connecting by Bluetooth, etc, etc, so overall it was a decent purchase


  This is my second echo dot.... and as a device I love them, however there are issues when trying to run more than one dot.  Amazon music, for example... the songs highlighted as Amazon Music unlimited on the app won’t play on my new dot, only on the original, which is totally unfair because I pay extra for unlimited music every month!!  It’s not just me that’s had this experience either.... there are numerous of online forums in which people are highlighting the same issues.


  It sounds better (once the EQ has been adjusted ton remove bass and add treble) than the gen 2 but voice recognition is markedly less accurate. Guess it is a consequence of going from 7 to 4 far field microphones...


  It's ok, but I wish it would allow access to my digital music collection on my computer.Happy with Prime music. Having paid for this I don't see why I should pay extra to get the music I already possess on my computer which combines digitised versions of vinyl, tapes & CDs long before Amazon came along.


  The sound quality is a bit better than the old dot but not as good as the echo. My third gen one won't properly connect with the others - unresponsive-  so can be used on its own but won't join a 'play music everywhere group. Amazon support is pretty pathetic. If the problem isn't in the FAQ then you can't get an answer. Same issue keeps me away from Audible too. Price is good but incompatibility means I'll stick to second gen to enjoy all the benefits


  I liked it when it was first set up, then my internet provider told me I was going over my Data, I have only had it just over a week, and I was having to pay for more data. so have unplugged it, no one told me it would take all my data. mmmm


  It is a little speaker so I shouldn’t have expected as much as I did. Sound is ok but not amazing. I really wanted it to integrate with a Blue Sound speaker. The success rate for this is variable at best. I would recommend you go for a larger speaker size.


  It is very limited in what it can do unless you are prepared to pay. It cannot stream your own music for example unless you subscribe to Amazon music or have a premium Spotify account. It's also limited in what it can actually answer, it's nowhere near on par with Google.


  The best thing about it is that is does integrate with many other smart home devices. However, you cannot ask it the kind of things you can ask Siri or Google. Many things will just get you "Sorry I don't Know that".


  Got this for £12 and it's provided me with lots of fun, just trying it out. Not sure how much I will use it in the future, until I work out how to play all the music stored on my NAS, but switching off lights etc has been very useful


  Not used it enough to give a full report, but I do know the sound on this one is very muffled, to the one I have in my living room.Every time I ask any thing she does not know anything about that, so not sure if Alexa is faulty or I am


  I’m a deaf person so I wanted this to operate my smart home I use it with the app ie alexahall light on  I can’t say abt voice recognition as I can’t hear but can set up for house items like switchboy etc


  Bought this to use in a caravan, poor to none existent connection on blue tooth.Works well on mainstream broadband but very poorly, in fact hardly at all on I phone tethering.


  One of the best Amazon Products. Somethings could me improved tho. Voice recognition and Bluetooth connectivity are not that great yet! However it is still a must-have device in your home!


  Not very happy with this Spotify constantly needsto be re-paired can't link more than one fire TV stick and if you request certain skills it will just open them on the TV rather than the dot itself. Also very temperamental sometimes works sometimes just don't work at all


  It is a convenient product to be used as a speaker and very standard requests as daily news, forecast, etc. However, in case you’re expecting to have a high level of interactivity you’ll definitely be disappointed as the intelligence of the product is very limited.


  It is amazing how one product, that was bought to aid my partially sighted aged Mum to listen to music, audio books, listen to tv and work lights could need so many add ons to actually work. Even then it has caused my poor brother in law constant headaches to actually get them working. Even now, though the tv can be switched on and off, it won’t change channels (only available in the u.s.a. Apparently!) honestly at one point we did seriously think about bining it. For simple things it’s great, for smart home? Not so much!


  alexa didnt answer all basic questions.quite frustrating when sometimes she can anwser the same question if asked in a different way. i use it for alarm with music and for tracking my parcels but not much good for anything else i have tried


  She doesn't listen to me! I have to say everything four times and usually end up getting my boyfriend to talk to her instead. Its not a huge deal but we don't use her nearly as much as we thought we would because of this.


  I personally use Alexa for mainly music, it has decent sound quality and enough to get me through the day. Alexa has other interesting features you may want to check out. Alexa's use can vary from person to person however it is pretty good to use for any of its features. Would I recommend it? It depends on the person. Alexa is not for everyone but for the people that use it, I've seen that they like it.


  Alexa is a funny one. You’re lucky if you got it half price otherwise it’s not really worth it. Alexa is temperamental sometimes she’ll not even listen to me or repeat the command and continue what she was doing before. Also today she started having a lisp? And the quality of the songs were really bad. So idk what to tell ya


  I cant get it to do the lights you don,t get any instructions with itif your into all this sort of thing might be easy but for older people like meI keep getting  wrong email address and password so I don,t knowand every thing I read on the internet says do something different .


  Give this product the benefit of three stars. Going on what i hear they are good, but im afraid it is well beyond me setting it up wasted hours trying to connect it to the internet. Feel like putting a hammer in the useless thing. Once you come out of set up mode it won't let you back in.


  I am 76 and missed IT education when I was at school.....because there was none...and it is difficult to keep upto date with all the new technology. It seems as if it operates well but I have no idea how to set up everything it will do....and I'm not sure I want everything anyway... so in the meantime I will make do with getting Radio 2 and Elvis/Cliff, Matt Munro, Frank Sinatra etc but I wish companies would understand that not everybody has the IT ability of a teenager. Help the Aged???


  I was a bit disappointed with this as I bought it for my daughters' xmas present but she couldn't get it to work as it needed something.  She had to download an app or something and as far as I know it's still not working.  Just as well I had some other presents for her.


  It's ok but as it's a birthday present for my wife from the grandchildren, I tend not to use it, but she does use it even less. The one that uses it more is our youngest grandson, when we pick him up from school.


  The Echo Dot is a nice piece of hardware considering it’s low cost. The sound is great, simple to setup, does what it says it does.The big problem is Alexa- voice recognition is pants and worse on the Dot than the two 2nd Gen Echo Shows that I also use. I have a lot of home automation and it gets very frustrating having to ask Alexa 5 times to turn on a light! Amazon claims that Alexa learns about the user’s behaviour to become more reliable but I’m not so sure....


  It is really easy to set up and connect initially, but if u try to set it up using a diff Wi-Fi for example when staying somewhere, it's incredibly difficult. U have to pay to play songs after the 1st month which is additional cost and it doesn't know many answers to questions!!!


  A bit hit and miss, sometimes she can't understand the most basic of questions. Mine also is unable to understand "set alarm for...." it can take in excess of 20 attempts (no exaggeration) to understand this basic command.Seems to be getting worse too, possible alzheimers.


  Loved this at first and still do.  Does what it says and the sound music wise is quite reasonable considering it’s size.  HOWEVER, I am not happy at all with the way Alexa bribes me into giving five star ratings to products.  Telling me that I can unlock further music by giving the app a five star rating is wrong and highly unethical.  Amazon, if you are responsible for this then your whole ratings system has just been put into question and deemed untrustworthy.


  Not easy to set up, I blame the App.Took ages for it to accept Spotify rather than Amazon Music.Have to unplug it as randomly makes a loud noise when on standby which startles my partner.In my view not easy to use either, as insists on using Amazon Music for voice commands, can only get it to use Spotify when I select to play Spotify on my phone.


  I bought for my friend but he didn’t like it because it is smart and needs to be operated with a mobile phone, he does not know how to put this speaker away if I use I think I will like it


  Bought for multi room music but keeps turning it's self off, needs bug fix, sound is not great, I turned the Base right down as is sounds like when you're talking through your hands (muffled) I prefer a more crisp sound. Good price on black Friday so great value at half price


  Nice wee dot fits well in the kitchen, devils own job to link and then maintain a link to the Echo.Pricing needs some sorting out, Amazon music price on Echo says £3.99 pcm then changes to £9.99 pcm would have thought that this would have been sorted out prior to launch.


  Don't know what to use it for. Yes it plays music as and when I want, as well as the types I like. BUT I listen to music very rarely.  I do not have so called smart equipment,  but I cannot be so lazy as to ask a machine to switch the lights on and off when I'm in the house and old fashioned timers work when I'm not!! To be honest I have no real use for it.


  Integration issues and the fact it randomly plays music at 3am. It also listens to my private conversations. One day I kept repeating the word “Porsche” with my mates a day later my PC adverts were advertising a Porsche dealership......


  I like the portability of the whole device is let down by the very poor battery life. It really is not good enough for a device of this quality.


  I realised that I would have to pay again for anything I really wanted.In my case music selection.Alxa is doing badly when asked questions that I then have to look up on safari to get the answer.


  Lovely looking speaker and happy with it but the sound quality is not as good as I hoped. Someone told me the dot was just as good as the larger one, I haven’t compared but I don’t think the sound is that good for listening to music. For everything else it’s fine.


  I was bought this has a Christmas box & it is fine for listening to Radio but I am a pensioner & can't afford to pay for stuff & that is the only way to listen to my Favorite music. I think it is wrong that amazon makes us pay for everything like Prime & Music etc....


  I was so looking forward to getting this new Echo 3rd generation, I waited 2 months for it, but she cannot understand me? tell me much or even hear me? Especially if I've got music on loud, I keep shouting Alexa Alexa Alexa and then just tells me I do not know that one sorry.but does work well with my smart bulbs and my plug.


  These can be difficult to set up, sometimes they just work especially if you already have one installed. The sound is ok for a small speaker and the price. Bit of a gimmick really only use it for listening to the radio in the kitchen and bedroom, it’s nice to be able to set an off timer.


  Looks very smart in the bedroom and responds as necessary to instructions but disappointed at the sound quality, somewhat muffled and, at times, indistinct. But then my poor hearing does not help


  Nice and loud, but is very bassy..very little high sound if any. It's the same with the Echo show. The best sound quality is from my Echo Tower


  Got one for 99p with the deal by signing up to Amazon music, it's alright bit of a novelty I managed to link it to a few things like turning on the TV etc but tbh half the time it's just easier to use the remote....the biggest problem is getting Alexa to active, you have to speak pretty loud for it to come on and good luck if your TVs at a reasonable volume you basically have to scream at the thingIn the end would I pay £35 for one.... probably not


  Plays music alright but asking it questions quite a lot of the time it doesn’t know the question or gives a complete different answer .I’ve had a few arguments with Alexa but obviously you don’t get an answer !!


  Voice recognition is worse than previous model. Too frequently completely ignores her name, even when the room is quiet and we clearly enunciate. The finish and sound quality are much better but the basics have gone backwards.


  I cannot tell what music is included in Amazon library ? This morning Alexa said cannot connect please see app, the alexa app was useless for this so I unplugged it and plugged  in again and all was fine!


  I've been a bit harsh on this for sound quality because if I had paid 50 quid full price for it I would have been annoyed, thankfully I paid £22 which is a fair price for the actual sound quality you get from it


  The new gen Amazon Echo dot is amazing for playing music, however, Alexas voice is so bass-heavy (even after changing the settings in the Alexa App) that she's sometimes difficult to understand. I have gone back to using the 2nd Gen Echo Dot


  Sound quality for this model is pretty good and clear. Voice recognition is excellent. However, alexa has not been able to answer about 15% of my queries but for the price good all round and very useful.


  Awful to non existent search capability and lots of lame, pointless skills. It usually works ok for turning lights and plugs on and off though.


  Had a lot of trouble setting this up and had to get help eventually. Does not always recognise my voice command. Also does not recognise artists but I understand this is an Amazon problem which is taking a long time to sort out. That said I am getting used to it and enjoying it


  Always wanted one but it just wouldn’t set up, whether it was my equipment not being compatible I am not sure but after wasting an hour trying everything I gave up and had to return it.


  It's a novelty but pretty limited on instructions as to how to get the most out of it, without scouring the internet for ideas.  Plus, it's far better when you can  link it in with other home based smart devices, of which I have few.  Early days, so all this may improve.


  I only bought the Dot to sync with the Spot for listening to audible books but am unable to do so, along with a number of others I have spoken to. Apart from that it work well.


  So far I’ve had it working since Christmas and probably talked to it half a dozen times.  All my digital information is on another operating system so I’ve just stayed on my iPhone.Early days but nothing life changing for me personally.


  Good little device. A few annoying little issues mainly half implemented features. For example you can create a stereo pair only first part services work. Forgot about using a stereo pair with TuneIn on Plex etc. Such a shame. Amazon just release the API already so Plex etc can use stereo pairs. Also wheres the phone calling feature? Yes we can call people who have the Alexa app but Google home can actually ring phone numbers and if I'm not mistaken so can Alexa... just only in the US.


  Not the easiest thing to connect to the wi - fi. Probably more useful when we've had it a little longer but Google assistant on my phone seems quicker and has more scope. It's probably better if you can use it for a smart home (if you're rich enough to have one) to control lighting and heating etc.


  Once you get the device.running, it is quite decent.The setup process on Android is horrendous.  It took me hours and at least ten attempts to get the device to connect to my WiFi.


  Received as a Christmas present.  It's fine if your on "Prime", but if you are not there is limited music and frequent adverts.  Also it keeps asking if I want to join Prime, which I don't and have to keep telling it "NO".  I'm afraid the grandchildren will say "Yes" when I am not around and I will be signed up to Prime that I do NOT want.


  it isyou might as well just buy the dot series 3. Not overly impressed not cracked up to what they say as the clock does not operate all the time. Disappointed  in a way, but would not pay the extra 10 over the dot. Also would be better in a deeper colour


  Like the deeper bass tones. Good quality sound. Voice recognition is poor and why on earth tethering to a mains cable??? I like my dot to be mobile. Would never have bought it had I known.


  This item I bought for my 80th father, who loves his music, since having this, he is enjoying his retirement much more than he thought.


  Sound quality isn’t great. Not as good as the larger echo speaker, gets very distorted if you have the music up loud where as the larger one doesn’t.This was only for my office so not a huge issue for me but had it of been for my kitchen where I mainly listen to music I would have returned it


  Small fairly loud and could answer a multitude of questions, one use we found was using it as an alarm clock in the mornings asking it to set alarms at various times and putting the radio on.


  Worked fine for a couple of weeks and now just never recognises the wake up word :( not gonna bother to return as its ok as a speaker


  Carries out most commands reasonably well, but fails to recognise slightly more difficult commands, for example 'play Bruckner symphonies by Christian Thielemann.' Fails to recognise most European conductors and composers. Quicker to play the CD.


  Although everything works, the bluetooth keeps either lagging, cutting off which results in me having to connect and reconnect.It's a little annoying but the sound quality and volume is pretty good.


  It's ok for what it is but the speaker let's it down.  It's all middle.  The sound is muddy and not good for using as a radio channel.  Music is ok but loses the top and bottom frequencies.  Ok if you only listen to basic rock stuff bit not so good for more sophisticated genres.


  I don't like that the new echo dot is not able to be powered by usb and I find the accuracy lacking compared to generation 2. I do appreciate the louder speaker although i often connect to a bluetooth speaker


  Sound quality a bit tinny compared to google home mini and the max volume distorts the sound a bit. Continuous glitches are quite annoying but could just be a Wfi problem so make sure it has good signal. Also so the mic can pick you up properly have it as far away from walls as possible.


  Sometimes alexa requires a stern talking to to listen to me, which is a bit annoying when my alarm is going off or I want to turn the lights off


  I like this product but do hope that Amazon sort out the connection issues as it keeps losing connection to the internet. Having checked on line, this is a worldwide problem and thought to be due to the volume of users. Hopefully Amazon can come up with a fix soon.


  Integrates well with other Alexa devices. Have had issues with it suddenly stopping radio or music playing for no reason. Also issues with smart groups and playing the same music on all devices...


  i have a 2nd generation echo and no issues at all,  bought a 3rd generation with clock  and its a bit of a problem, if you ask for time it sometimes tells the time but other times it just says the word time or rven shorter than that and i havr to ask several times before she tells me the time


  When setting my Echo Dot up I tried connecting it to my Spotify account on which I have all my playlists. When I asked it to play music from Spotify no music would play. I turned it off and on again a couple of times and then left it for a couple of days. Now when I ask it to play Spotify music it will continue what I've been listening to, or can look up artists I ask for but still cannot identify my playlists on there so I have to start them from my phone.


  I got two in the Prime day sale.Disappointed with the sound quality too much bass even when on minimum.Treble right up still muffled. Preferred my old 2nd generation.Should have sent them back.


  Fun as a novelty - however, after about a week, Alexa began failing to respond to her name...and I had to repeat 2 or 3 times before she would hear me and answer...even when standing over her!


  It works really well but it needs mains power to work so the main reason I bought it to take on board a boat is the one that won't work


  My first attempt of using music with Apple Music was a failure due country setting. I gave up and decided to use Amazon Music until I couldn’t play a song because I needed Amazon Music Unlimited... Tried to subscribe but wasn’t able again due country settings.


  Got as a gift and not sure what the point is?Alexa is on my phone. I have better speakers in the house so why?It’s nice enough but not exactly must have!


  Handy for just being there in the lounge - we tend to use it for music and checking if someone has died yet! Quick to get working and good fun.We haven't really explored it so don't know its full range, nice if you could use batteries so it was fully mobile, sound can be a little fuzzy but I'm sure getting to know it will be fun!


  The guides and App for linking to ones wifi were unclear and confusing. The experience of trying to link my Alexa to a new router was totally mind blowing and the support facilities fell well short in accuracy and clarity


  Very easy to set up.  Only problem I have noticed with mine is that it keeps dropping off the wifi in my house.  It was fine for a couple of weeks and now it is intermittently working.  I am determined to get it sorted though.


  Spotify doesn’t play properly on this item, several extensions also don’t work, so there is definite room for improvements!!


  An amazingly flexible device which delivers so many functions. But, a pain to set up and with below average sound quality. I bought mine on Black Friday and another a week later and am pleased enough, especially with the value. When I get hooked up by Bluetooth with a decent sound system, I could well give it 5 X's across the board!


  Really good to start with and subscribed the music but a year later everytime you ask for a song it doesn't know it yet played before on request cancel subscription just use as radio alarm and time


  Try as I might I cannot get the thing to play BBC Radio2.Getting it set up was a faff and needed the expensive link from the Amazon site.


  We bought the Echo Dot instead of a digital radio but also thinking it would play Amazon Prime Music. We were disappointed to learn you cannot selected a song, artist or album to play unless you have Unlimited Music (extra £4 a month for 1 device) which I think is a bit of a rip-off! If your buying this device instead of say a bluetooth speaker or another device such as google home don't bother.


  The product when it works is great. I am fortunate that mine works OK, but a friend of mine has one and it keeps losing its internet connection which is very annoying. unfortunately this seems to be a major issue as lots of other people are having the same issues.Is this a software issue or what??Why aren't Amazon sorting it out as it's not limited to recent echo's but to all 3 generations.Sort this out and your product would be one of the best around.


  Be careful when orderingI wanted the Dot with the clock. Changed the colour of one I wanted and got the one without the clock by default as the clock version not available. Checked back clock version not available for six months!


  This was bought as a Christmas present. I have tried to get involved and appreciate the technology I've not really had enough time to sit down and I'm not 100% with what I can use with all the e-mails I have received Alexa prime photo video. A bit confusing.


  Alexa doesn't always do what we're asking and doesn't always find our radio stations, could be better. OK for keeping the dogs entertaned while I'm at work though, and reminders. I like the way reminders are sent to my phone.


  Trickier to set up through pc than I would like but got there in the end. Although, still working on an itunes link. Overall works well and basic capability would be greatly expanded via a couple of subscriptions. Sound is relatively impressive with warm depth from such a small source. As others have suggested a longer lead would be useful..


  Loads better than its predecessor but has a few issues that are annoying me. Firstly the fact that I get just under one hour of music from radio stations and then it cuts off and secondly I used the older model as an alarm which I set once for the whole week no issues but this one needs redoing every day and that’s annoying on it own. If it wasn’t for the sound quality when it does work fine then I’d have sent it back.


  I doesn't seam to understand me wife ok me no ,though it would have beter help with information that i req like today asked it weather for next week just beeps at us seams more beeps than answers we have lights switches ok with wife not me


  I bought the Amazon echo and the DOT Less than a month ago - although i really love them i am a bit disappointed that they have reduced the price less than a month after i have bought. this would of saved me over £60.00 if i had the boxes i would send back and buy them at the cheaper rate. :-(


  Well, it does not recognise what you are asking for. Also, if you want a music from a different language you won't be able to, unless you change the language on settings. Also when you do change it, they have used the worst version of Google translate possible as she says all wrong and non sense.


  We have an Amazon echo which is great. Daughter got the Dot for birthday so she can connect and use in room.Product fine but we didn't realise how much extra you have to pay to enable more than one device in the same house. We were paying 3.99/ month but have to pay at least 9.99/ month if we want music to stream on both devices. Seems a bit of a con unless you only want it for just a radio, in which case you can keep same deal.


  Find the speaker to be unstable.  Works on for a while and then turns very hisdy.  Find the input to be difficult.  Unfortunately Google seems to be more sensitive to voice input.  With the Dot I seem to have to raise my voice for it to hear me


  Started charging me a monthly direct debit straight away. Voice payment is the default so easy for the kids to buy on your behalf. I suggest you turn off voice payment straight away. Otherwise an excellent product


  i cant add it to my wifi though i spoke to someone at Amazon they was not much help So i have put it back in the box


  I bought it in the hope of building some integrations and making the house smarter, but it now is barely used. I find very little value add over Siri. The voice commands for controlling my hue are practically useless vs Siri. Siri is much better at getting context than Alexa.Honestly, given the choice - I would not buy it again.


  Has selevtive hearing at the best of times. Terrible with accents. Terrible with even slightly complicated tasks. But atleast you get a good laugh with some of its awful voice command mis understandings


  Stereo paired two of these. But stereo pairing doesn't work when Steaming BBC radio channels! Please fix this. I feel tech is stepping backwards.  Also can't steam BBC on multiple speakers throughout the house.


  It's okay for the functions it has however when using music off phone it severely lacks and has to be shuffle manually and it cannot access the playlists off it instead it will play amazon music if you give it a voice command to access your own music. Other than that not a bad device tbh not kean on it but good for people who like to hear the news. 


  The brief set up instructions bore no relation to actual setup, so I had to spend an hour on the helpline, whilst they tried various alternatives.  Once set up it finds it difficult to activate without a strong voice.  (The full sized one we have in another room does not have this problem).  I have yet to manage to intigrate it with a firestick, so that my tetraplegic wife can change TV channels.  (Again insufficient set up instructions) .


  Great product but only comes into its own if you have a prime accountWhich sadly I don’tI was hoping for a prime deal on Black Friday but it never came


  It's a blue tooth speaker. Takes that long to recognise what you're saying you might as well just press the button on the remote or get up and flick a switch yourself.


  American accent unlike the amazon echo. Tinny sound, doesn't recognise some commands for eg, certain songs it repeats something completely different to what was said. Rubbish compared to the echo.


  Disappointed.  Not fully set up yet as clearer,  more detailed information required. An email just arrived a week later did explain some and help but why not put it in with the unit? We're not all computer nerds sitting in the bedroom.


  Alexa has on numerous occasions ignored a request. It’s lit up to let me know it’s listening. Listened to the request then ignored it. Often it takes 3/4 attempts to get it to respond. Have to restart to get the desired response on a regular basis! Also seems to disconnect from WiFi at least once a week. Nothing else is affected just Alexa!


  Ties itself in knots with my other echo. Responds to my voice from downstairs when I’m closer to the other device. Says random things when the room is silent


  It you can get this for £30 or less on some offer then it's well worth it.I haven't noticed any discernible differences other than the covering and size increaseove the 2nd generation model but it remains a good product.


  sound not as good as previous model (too bassy for its size causinge a bit of distortion) also I do not like the voice which is now more american and you cannot change it,It does appear the voice recognition has improved


  The mic is so very weak. I have to raise my voice a considerable amount even from 2 meters away from it. Just skip this and go for the Echo Plus or Echo gen 3 if possible.


  We got this at Christmas thought was fantastic, but it randomly shuts down and won't work. Would definitely get another one if this one can be replaced as defective


  I've got a few 2nd generation Dots in my house and when I bought this one Alexa appears to be ignoring me!I am having to shout ALEXA! ALEXA!! - it's becoming really annoying!


  Not keen on the dot. Wasn’t expecting much and got what I expected. Already have echo hub which is nice. Should have stuck to the full size echo. But we live and learn.


  We liked the device and found it useful but a little bit limited in its source for music and news as it is only tuned into Amazon associated products and sauces. It does not recognise Apple iTunes or other channels of information outside of Amazon.


  The Echo units are excellent but wanted to run as  a stereo pair ,If you plan to run as a stereo pair single user echo licence will only be on only  1 unit ,this is clearly silly as you are not planning to run different music stream in different rooms ,suggestion from Amazon on contacting them  is therefore to have a family subscription at £14.99 ,rather than the £3.99 for single echo subscription


  She tends to either not hear you ( ie don't respond or doesn't understand) and also doesn't know things like what is the operating hours of bank at XX branch... Or when is the next train due from XX station


  Good, clear and loud sound. No stereo, but that's ok for the size. It would have been preferrable to have usb charging cable and a built-in battery for autonomy and on the run usage. Planning to buy some more. :)


  Loved the one I got for my dad. So invested in one for me, sound setting low won't hold our default setting, does not respond to our accent, does not always respond and if it does she just turns off!! Gie it another week or it's going back


  When switched off at mains for a few hours it lost all WiFi contact.  Have to re-boot the whole system, not managed it yet!!  Wish it would just pick up where it left off.


  At the beginning used to work better, now many times she doesn’t listen or understand and it takes forever until she does something...


  This was a gift to me. It is useful for quick answers to some qiestions but often doesn't know a factual answer that is available in Wikipedia. As a speaker, the quality is amazing for the size but I have a great stero setup so it's a bit superfluous to my needs.


  The voice recognition on my product is quite poor. I don't believe to have a strong accent but for some reason It sometimes don't respond. But overall a good product


  They are really good although sometimes she's gets things wrong or say sorry I don't know that one you've gotta talk very clearly and word things right bit I like her she helps remind me off my medications and stuff so from me


  Doesn’t really have a use... kind of useless but the sound quality is incredible.Needs to be integrated with premium accounts of Amazon all the time


  Does not have the skills i would need like youtube or netflix . It will only turn on the tv if the tv has just been on( connected to internet) alrough it has the skill . But is a very fun tool to use


  Her jokes are cornie but funny bit disappointed that to get decent songs you have to subscribe to amazon at £3.99 per month if I knew that wouldn't have bought one


  Im dissapointed although I shouldn’t be because it was a gift.The reason being it runs purely on mainsI was so looking forward to taking the dot into the bathroom and listening to music while I shower.Other than that it’s ok


  It's doesn't stay connected to my internet so have to keep plugging it in.Hope it only poor internet but my kindle stays connected


  ........after some initial diffculties in setting it up the echo dot is now working fine and a useful/ amusing/ infomative  piece of internet equipment


  Sound quality and volume is brilliant, lots of options and my kids love it, keeps them occupied.Bad points are you can be in the middle of a game and it will turn off and sometimes when you give it clear instructions it gives you something random that is nowhere near like what you have asked. I do get quite frustrated at times.


  Got bored trying to get various radio apps to work with this so have given it away to a blind person  who thinks it is great for what they want


  great for alarms , reminders and audio books . Unfortunately , if she hasn't been asked anything for a day she will suddenly shout that she can't find 'In Human Arms ' on your play list .We haven't worked out why , no one had said anything like her Alexa or human arms and it was just creepy . we unplugged it


  Love it, so easy to use, and quick to get answers to your question, recipes etc, I'm still learn whey Alexa can do.


  Echo dot set up easily and works fine when playing Spotify; however, try playing Apple music and it is useless.  Will now have to consider going back to Spotify.


  upon receiving my Alexa I was impressed with it. With many of my family members already owning one, I had high expectations thus forth. However through its many great things, there are some that aren't so impressive. The Alexa isn't always able to give me answers/ the correct answer to any questions she is asked. I can also point out that the volume regularly fluctuates from very high to very low - which seems somewhat annoying.


  Having to repeat commands sometimes then comes up when request song can't play as streaming another device which am not. Did rectify after once used Bluetooth S6 phone playing Amazon music then when turned off Bluetooth was playing my commands.


  Annoying keeps making a dong dong noise out of nowhere it’s driving us mad ended up unplugging it  and it doesn’t recognise half of what you say to it .


  It's ok.  Sound quality is awful sounds like locked in a cupboard.We won't be keeping this long. Looking to upgrade very dissatisfied


  Recently brought an echo plus which has really brought to our attention how poor our two dots are!! It won't play BBC radio stations and when requesting our favorites it will play the most random music.


  The earlier version does have excellent sound for their size. This version is very disappointing as speech is unintelligible. It does turn the lights and the tv on and reminds me to get up every day.


  Set up is not straight forward. Had to reset three times. It was not clear how to listen to Radio 4. You need the BBC sounds app plus the password for your BBC account


  I like my Alexa echo, so decided to get a dot for up stairs. Wish i had been informed in advance that the voice is totally different compared to my echo.The dot has an annoying American voice!


  Bought one of these like the 10s of thousands of others for a Christmas present for my son.Finally got round to setting Alexa up a few days after Christmas, only to discover that it is faulty. Speaker sound is awful. Tinny and crackly.Logged on to Amazon to arrange a replacement as I now have a disappointed child, however there is only the option of a refund.I can only assume this is because the price has now gone up and Amazon want to get more money out of me despite the original product being unusable and faulty.Very disappointed.


  Useful but I need to learn more about the device and Alexa needs to learn too, it can be very frustrating.  Things that Alexa managed easily it is now telling me it cannot do, why?  I would like to listen to foreign podcasts.


  Alexa not able to answer all questions, particularly historical sport.Didn't realise a lot of music had to be paid for. On the other hand Alexa has proved useful on local info eg. traffic, weather, opening times of eating places,cinemas, museums etc.


  Great in terms of picking up voice , Alexa isn't as advanced as Google. Main issue is the privacy concern especially when a random number once came through and started talking through it. The person on the other line was apparently from Singapore. (Never connected a phone to it too)


  I have had Alexa since Christmas. Started using two weeks after. The third week it is malfunctioning as yet not been able to find how to get fixed.


  I bought this so that I could use it as a radio alarm to wake me up to BBC radio 4.After I set the Echo up it did not work. I then found out that this is because of a piece of 3rd party software (Tunein) which currently does not link to the BBC.When will this be fixed ?Also you need to make sure people are aware of this limitation before they buy an Echo.


  This echo is good for bass unfortunately tho if music is playing it doesn’t pick up voices very well and even if music isn’t playing and the other half wants to turn off the lights she can’t cause it won’t pick up high pitch voices well. Even after doing the voice recognition setup I’d say the 2nd echo picked up voices better due to the unit not having extra bass whilst playing but this 3rd gen echo is lots lots better for music and is a slight upgrade to the 2nd I just wish they would work on more skills


  Quite like it  .  use it in the  bedroom . Just enough volume for a bedroom. I have a echo studio which I love much better and i know it’s a different product but i thought ill just mention it. .


  thought we could get all music on alexa plus radio channels but not very good do not know what to do nextsorry


  Easy to plug in, set up initially.But awkward to set up to my existing smart systems. Only bought because I couldn't afford Google home at the time. May switch


  I changed internet supply I found it impossible to log in to amazon apps I am elderly and not over competent with pc's but I manage with most task's even following your instructions proved difficult and still never logged in I shall get my daughter to have a go


  Actually quite annoyed that my order arrives and I can’t use it that day because the software is out of date...it’s a brand new product! Now waiting for it to update so I can actually use it


  Don't like it when it just cuts off because of low wi-fi signal. I have only 6mgb/sec. Also does not sync with main Alexa so cannot get correct time signals from radio station. Amazon music does not always play albums or CDs when you request,only Amazons library.


  Item works fine in most respects, apart from the sound which is unpleasantly muffled, even with Treble at max and Bass at Min, the sound is way too muffled, in fact the equalizer appears to have no effect at all.


  The product is well made and easy to set up ,but will only let you download or stream Amazon purchased products in the case of Music,Books etc.


  I have tried and tried to get Alexa to play an Edinburgh radio station, a friend of mine has done it, but mine will not.  I don't know if Alexa doesn't know all the local stations or only likes to play Amazon music, which I have.  I am finding it most annoying that it will not play most of the stations I ask for, instead it will reply 'here is a station you might like' or shuts off.  Not entirely happy with my purchase.


  Hard to say what exactly the reason was.It just didn't seem to be well integrated in my opinion.


  Good very speaker for the size. Doesn't seem to know a lot of the things I ask. Quizzes not as good as the Google home mini. I would probably go for google next time.


  I am not very keen on it as if your hearing isn't very good you carnt always tell what it says I don't really use it there ok for the younger generation


  Its everything I need it to be and I'm still learning stuff to use it for,also my grandkids love asking it to tell them jokes and answering their questions.


  I was given this as a Christmas present, and I don’t think I can give an opinion because I don’t use it much. That is the only reason for the three stars. I am sure this is a good product just not for me.


  Alexa is ok but finds it difficult to find out things that should be easy.Not sure if software is up to date or not but struggles at times to do what it should be able to


  Alexa is not as good as google when it comes to asking questions. With Alexa you need to ask a question in the exact way and words Alexa understands, Google understands however you ask.


  Bought as a Christmas present for us, unfortunately all items to make full use are not available within our household and cost extra to acquire e.g. music. To make full use of it you have to invest in gadgets we don't need.


  Not very good on answering questions. Sometimes it doesn't acknowledge a command like Alexa turn lights off. A simple command but doesn't always work.


  Pretty disappointed ☹️ ‘she’ isn’t great, at picking up Scottish accent! To be fair, I can’t stand her voice! Can you change it? Plus I’ve asked for songs, ‘she’ has got wrong ☹️☹️☹️


  The Echo Dot found our speech difficult to analyse and invariably gave an American answer. Great for shopping lists and reminders, playing music etc


  This was a second echo dot and i wish i hadnt bothered.  All my settings were screwed up and you cant group Echo dot with Sonos (which is what i wanted to do).  They are ok as stand alone but miles behind sonos in terms of networking.  (but then sonos is much more expensive).


  Not Happy with the Plug, moved from USB.3 or 4 time before voice recognitionsound tine, but it looks ok


  When on holiday at a few hours contacting to the property wifi, it started to crackle.Also, she never listens to me and at times does her own thing - ie I asked for Strangers in the Night - we all know that is Sinatra, but it played Foster & Allen - now please !!


  Bought these before and my other one is fab. This one however I keep getting glitches with and keeps loosing WiFi conme tion where my other one doesn't


  The good points, it looks better than the previous generation Dot, and it has a much better speaker, good bass.Bad points, not sure why but assume cost: Amazon has changed the power supply to a hard wired mains adaptor and a proprietary jack connector to the Dot, real shame as the USB much more flexible and allowed the use of multi USB power supplies which would only take up 1 mains socket. TBH It's only the Dot connector I have an issue with. I won't be buying anymore Dots until this is resolved


  It's a gimmick gadget that needs a massive amount of quality AI work to catch up with Google. I suppose if you are too lazy to switch off the TV via remote control, this is for you...


  I did not find it user-friendly. I need  need to use ONLY what is provided by Amazon's.It think if I going to use my Wi-Fi then why restrict me.example.  I should be able to tap in to YouTube as I would with my smart phone.


  Great little device but every time you set your equaliser settings just right it resets the next time you listen to music bit frustrating.


  Alexa worked for a few days then decided it didn’t understand I unplugged it for the day then it work then yesterday it couldn’t connect to the internet so unplugged for a few hours worked then again this afternoon couldn’t connect to the internet  sooooo frustrating!!!!!! Now it is working again, But, For How Long ! 


  Vice recognition much better - arrived promptly and very easy to link althoigh as I do not have a phone that can download the app it took a bit longer more miffed that the price dropped the day after


  A good little speaker for its size/price bracket. It’s use as a smart device has been quite limiting as it often doesn’t understand exactly what I’m saying (I don’t have a heavy accent of any kind) and can’t do many of the things I ask. I used to have a google home mini that was shared with my housemates and I may get rid of my Alexa Dot and buy one of those instead.


  It would be much more useful if amazon music came with it as a standard unpaid feature. Alexa can't play me music from youtube so after 3 months of free music from amazon I simply disconnected it and chucked it in a drawer. As a personal assistant it is nowhere near what I would like it to be( maybe in next few years) For now I would say if it's on sale and you would like to try it go for it.


  Doesn’t recognise few of my skills, which are recognised without any issue on Echo Show and Echo Plus


  Have been unable to set it up to connect to others in the house even though I have 4 tech savvy kids. Disappointing as we wanted to be able to talk to each other through them rather than yell up 2 flights of stairs that dinners ready etc. Plays music ok. Does all the other stuff youd expect it to do fine. It's just we cant use them as we had planned to.


  Met up with Alexa while on holiday recently and enjoyed the experience, so decided to purchase as price dropped. Very entertaining but I don't like it trying to flog membership to Amazon Music, for example.


  Purchased as it was at a reduced price. Really good for handsfree music but Alexa has her limitations and not as useful as I had hoped for not sure I would have paid full price for it!


  Super little speaker but Alexa herself, isn't a patch on Google Assistant. Everything of real interest costs money using it too, e.g. Music is and extortionate £7 pm.


  Very "Bassy" loads of times it doesnt recognize my voice? can be very frustrating using it. Expensive!


  This was bought as a gift which is lovely. I use it for shopping lists, to play music but the one use that I would value most is to listen to BBC Radio. Sadly it regularly drops out, sometimes I can listen for 30 minutes before it stops but more often it 5 to 10 minutes !!!


  The Echo Dot glitches alot and sometimes will stop working. I have to unplug the device to reset it in order for it to work again. It isn't even 2 weeks old yet and has been doing this since day 2. I was going to buy a 2nd one but now I would not recommend


  Sound is clear but will not pair to a 2018 hitachi 55in smart tv not sure about other tvs would not recommend as iv got to buy a hub


  I was very disappointed that the product came with absolutely no set up info. We still don't know if we are accessing to full potential, I have my doubts, quite took the shine of buying it.


  In a word NO, it does not do anything really in fact it’s a waste of space n time.  It’s a gimmick.  It requires too much personal information, and if you require music you have to PAY extra.  Give it a miss.


  All I can say is have a good think before you buy, limited on answering questions, requires subscription for things like amazon music at £9.99 a month, all I can say glad I tried this model at £25 I where going to buy the echo for better sound but glad I didn't due to expensive subscription charges, this echo dot does have good sound for the size , you can listen to the radio on the devise .


  Less plasticky looking than the previous model but fluff and dust can stick to the fabric. Sound quality not great - more useful as an add on throughout the home rather than a main echo system.


  Very sadly, my ‘alexa’ suddenly starts talking to me even though I haven’t said anything to my device!The house can be totally silent, when my ‘alexa’ device starts to talk!This is very strange!


  Upgrade from 2nd generation version to 3rd generation.First impressions are that the V3 sounds more tinny and I don't like the fact that I can't use it via a USB cable connection and that they have reverted back to mains connection only, this i feel is a backward step.I have only had the V3 for a couple of weeks  so can't make any further comments on any other functions yet.


  It started working nicely and then it took always more time to process commands, sometimes it doesn’t respond even if close to it. Not entirely happy!


  Disappointed that it would not connect to my Honor 8x mobile phone.  Fortunately I also have a cheap Wiley Fox  mobile phone which it connected to straight away!  So far I've failed to work out why.  If someone can come up with the answer I would be grateful.


  Sound is pretty good for the size. I'm mainly using it as an alarm clock or playing music. The disappointment is that it doesn't work with the likes of Google Play Music (I understand the reasons).


  Had problems getting this to sync in the household with 4 other echo devices. Sure it will get sorted. Also bear in mind if you have multiple devices, you will need a £15 per monthly family account for music....


  This is my 1st Gen 3 Alexa and I find it to be slow and it struggles with simple tasks such as playing Amazon Prime music. When give it a command it either stays blue and ignores me for 5 minutes or it turns red and exclaims it is having a problem and to try later.Most frustrating Echo to date and I’ve had a few 


  Does what it says on the tin. But only really useful if you have other smart things in the house (heating, lights, plugs, blinds etc.) A lot of additions to pay for, such as a music subscription.But if you want it I can't fault it. Picks up voice well. Good speaker. Nice look.


  Will not play my Spotify playlists. And yes I have tried every solution online, renaming playlist , setting up routine etc. Still the same. If it actually sent a command to Spotify to play whatever playlist I wanted it to play I would give it 5 star. Sadly it doesn’t


  Great product, unfortunately the delivery man was unwilling to wail 30seconds for me to get to the door. Caught him just about to lob it over my back gate. Appreciate they are busy and have lots to do but a little patience wouldn't go a miss.You don't know what is in my parcel. don't assume that if it doesn't weigh much, that it's not breakable.NOT IMPRESSED!!!


  Would probably have been very impressed.... had I not used a Google rival device before. Need more time to assess properly I guess. However I was surprised by sound quality for such a small unit.


  To use this product fully you need to subscribe to prime. I just don't like being coerced into using something I don't need. It should be stated clearly what's needed to get the best use from this product.


  Bought foo grandsons birthday but he already has one so would like to return if it is not too late


  I feel cheated as you don’t get informed that your monthly subscription will go up to £9.95 if you want to play your music on your dot like on the echo.If you have 2 dots or more it will cost £15.95 per month.So now I’m limited to only have the radio option on my dot :(


  I was hoping to use it as a speaker for my tablet, as well as what it was intended for, but unfortunately is not compatible with either my Lenovo Yoga or my Bush Spira


  I have 4 of these gadgets around the house but only 3 work......the other is as good as useless.Having it in the kitchen is great as can use to set timer  etc.


  It's ok for my kids sound quality is rubbish and always have to shout at it drives my daughter mad


  Sometimes Alexa struggles to recognise my voice when music is playing and some of her fact based answers are not accurate, for instance not everyone believes in the theory of evolution, basically she doesn't recognise God's creation


  Better looking than 2ng gen, but sound quality not as good. Very bassy even when bass turned right down and treble turned right up. Might be a software problem that Amazon could fix?


  The dot is great. The only down side was I thought I could connect to Amazon echo in another room on the same contract , but the price doubled! so I took out Amazon Prime (great benefits) would recommend.


  It would be good apart from I don't know the answer to that is something alexa says ALOT sorry try a Google one instead


  I like to play music and listen to radio but disappointed I have to sign up for music I can't play all the music I've bought over the years Also it does not integrate my calender properly


  I was expecting more from alexa, she doesn't pick up my voice unless I hover over it and bellow at her. And I get so much 'I'm sorry I dont know that one' limited use for us.


  I’m writing this as a warning: the sharp corners of the plug have cut my finger badly twice now. The socket is right next to the light switch and brushing against the plug with the force necessary to turn the light off has meant that a small chunk of skin has been removed from my finger each time.Please consider rounding the edges of the plug on future models.


  For some reason it is not as good as the gen 2. It has trouble with voice recognition and does not like the announcement feature from gen 3 to gen 2. The American voice sounds sarcastic especially when it doesn't work and shuts down.


  It’s very good but I’m disappointed that I can’t play my iTunes music from my iPhone on it. I don’t want to pay £3.99 a mont for Amazon music when I can play the music I like on my phone it’s a shame the Echo dot 3rd gen won’t  play my play list from my iphone 


  It’s okay. I prefer the Echo. The sound quality by comparison isn’t great and it doesn’t always hear us, even when we are fairly close by.


  Alexa wasn't capable of recognising more than one light at a time in one room. Every light had to be controlled seperatly which really got my wife annoyed.


  The dot is OK but to get it to do all the things that it professes to do one MUST be a Prime member, this is NOT indicated at the time of purchase, so beware.


  Had extreme difficulty in communication between Echo Dot and the App. The only help I could achieve was being told no wireless connection, go to App. when you cannot communicate with it what good is that? Took 3 days on and off to get connected, NOT IMPRESED


  Product performs adequately. Alexa can't seem to find albums that exist on Music Unlimited, so constantly having to say "Alexa" is very tiresome


  Can’t get Alexa to integrate with my Ruark’s.Bose and Sonos are apparently fine but I’m older and prefer the refined sound from the Ruark (not everybody’s preference) and I like to buy British wherever possible. If I could get it to play from those I would have given it a 4-5.


  Speaker sound isn’t very clear when it makes contact eg “ Here is your news”  but is ok when it switches to site. Not the best sound reproduction .  Can’t expect much for the price paid, but should be better than this. Tried it in different locations to see if that was the issue, but no difference.


  After seeing adverts on TV I thought you could use spotify to play music on the dot but you need to pay for the premium version. So to use it as I hoped, you have to pay for premium services on a monthly basis which to me is expensive. So I only use it as a radio!!


  Made the plug fatter than older generations, cannot use it as intended outside on the wall under my hot tub enclosure as my external socket lid wont close over it


  Too much of a marketing tool and not enough integration. The internet of things is let down by compatibility... if you have this, you cannot have that... bored already.I am sure that people will think that in order to advance in this world you gotta move with the times, but at what cost? I think I’ll just get off my arse and flick a switch!!


  Its a good speaker with decent sound quality and its design also fits well in any room. The voice recognition is very impressive as it picks up the weakest of voices and almost every accent. However lack of integration with youtube music is its downfall for me.


  It's basically the same as 2nd gen, no real difference but, I find Alexa's voice to be more bass level, probably because of the fabric wrap, I prefer my 2nd gen


  Good product and incredible value at £25.BUT you cant really adjust bass and treble to get sound right.It's quite bossy and ration sounded distorted and muffled.Returned.


  We use her for playing music, telling the time and what is the weather. Also asking the odd bit of information some of it she does not know.


  This was an unexpected present and as not yet been properly explored. First indication is that the sound is not clear enough (muffled).


  The jury is still out for me. Will not play with music that I request on Spotify, is this to make customers buy amazon music? I am still not sure about returning this itemas the Spotify is really important to me.


  Great for setting timers and playing music but I’ve had this for just over a month now and it has a very hard time understanding my Scottish accent and I’m finding I have to repeat myself 3-4 times before it actually understands me


  Drops wifi frequently (although router in next room), song quality ranges, if volume too loud alexa doesnt 'hear'. Difficult to set up initially once teething problems sorted reasonably easy to use.


  We purposely brought two units thinking that if we set an alarm/reminder on one unit it would alarm on both but they don't. Very frustrating and are considering ditching the units altogether!!


  It is helpful for the weather and to play games and needing to know any history. I am a bit disappointed when you set a reminder it never says the right things unless you get really close and say it louder. It is good for child who needs help with home work


  Quite good but doesn't always recognise my voice, also have to have amazon music subscription to listen to the music on demand and have to have prime membership to listen without adverts.Wouldn't have paid full price tbh.


  I like the fact, music of my choice can normally be located and played back.However, really hate the fact, that Alexa's voice volume cannot be adjusted without affecting media playback. More often than not, her voice is much louder than the music being played. There is absolutely no reason for her to boom her voice out so loudly.Surely independent volumes would be easy enough to sort. 


  for spare room, should have purchased the larger Alexa. having said that it does the job.


  Found the set up app 2nd attempt, 1st download was useless. Alexa will only play music, tell stories if we contract to Music @ £3.99 per month. Basically it is an electronic diary/timer.


  The voice recognition and sound quality are excellent but the cord is too short and it took me awhile before it properly set up through my phone.


  Will recognise voice to switch on Radio Merseyside but is totally lost when asked to switch off Radio Merseyside. Good on music.


  Sometimes doesn’t recognise a command or plays something totally different that asked for ...typical woman 


  Great product, however, prime delivery failed again! Ordered but had to wait an Extra 24 hours to receive it????????? Prime what????


  Sometimes the speaker sounds muffled like its "blown", at other times it's ok so I really don't know what's going on with it.Other than that, when the sound quality is not playing up, it's good.


  Alexa struggles to understand my Somerset accent so rarely use this now


  Like how small it is, great for the bedroom. But when playing music it keeps going off,not sure if this is a fault.


  News, weather, some songs and music. My calculator is more intelligent. Makes mistakes but does not learn. Not as sophisticated as Dogpile.


  I have the dot in my living room and oddly have problems with her misshearing me and even getting the weather wrong when it's perfect on the echo show


  I find it highly disappointing that you can’t upload your own music... apparently you used to be able to but amazon decided to stop this. Yes you have amazon music which of course you have to pay a subscription. The sound is good and Alexa is ok ... although annoying that every time you ask a question or set a task you have to call her name. But it’s the not being able to upload my music that gets me... so am considering sending my until back and get the google thing as you can upload music to that system.


  I feel the change in adapter type makes this device less universal and my second generation hears me better. The speaker is a lot better but is useless if you are only using this a a listening device to control "smart" devices


  I added unlimited music and wanted to listen to Sri Lankan Sinhalese music, but I can't get this. Tried calling Amazon to talk to them about this, did try chatting as well, but my issue is not solved.  I did add some of the music to Cordelia's Music but still can't get this.  VERY DISAPPOINED LOYAL CUSTOMER!


  My Alexa device was amazing for the first few months. I’ve had no problems with it and the sounds quality has been great. I haven’t even had it a year and the speaker now seems to be fuzzy. It hasn’t been dropped or damaged. It just suddenly stopped working so well. Unfortunately this fuzzy sounds makes it really annoying when listening to something.


  My echo dot was given to me as a Christmas present December 2019, unfortunately my internet connection is so poor that it won’t connect, it advises me that it’s waiting for the quality of my connection to improve, all my other devices work OK, so I’m not sure how to proceed, my internet speed is poor but I’ve never had a device that wont work because of it. Any ideas folk?


  Most of the basic stuff Alexa fails to answer and replies," I am sorry, I don't know that." so I am not impressed.


  Great sound and for playing radio and setting alarms etc but it tends to randomly skip songs off your own play list. 30 seconds on it decides to change tracks. Annoying


  Got the product free on a promo offer set up was easy sounds good but like a lot of tech didn’t really need it if it wasn’t free never would have bought on for my self


  Good sound quality, my collie dog walks out of the room when say Alexa, changed the name to computer same response from dog. Is there a high frequency tone being generated on activation ?


  Just bought this and took it on holiday to use as speaker but could not connect to my phone so no speaker the whole holiday. Great when you have access to WiFi but useless if not


  Great little gadget..... use it to control lights, plugs, shopping lists etc, however, trying to set it up is like needing a degree in brain surgery.  1st one - took us 8 hours to set it up, 2nd one 20 mins, 3rd one - absolutely no hope.  I give up.  App is supposed to have step by step support, but once you can't do a step, it boots you back to the start.  There has to be an easy way.


  The fact the music stops playing when i specifically leave it on for my dogs and sometimes you have to say alexa 3 or 4 times to get it to work (i have a posh English accent so you cannot say its that)


  It doesn't know half the things I ask it. Surely it should search Google automatically for all answers. Plus the voice recognition is not great. One time it understands what I say and the next it doesn't. It also goes into freeze mode at times and has to be turned off and back on again to get it working again. It's ok as a music player but at the moment that's about it


  Great idea only useful if you really need it. If you have lots of smart appliances then it is a definite buy. Sometimes a bit difficult to use in a house with lots of them linked to different accounts so you will need to change the command word.


  Bought for a bit of fun and mainly as a Bluetooth speaker for my iPhone, but was surprisingly good purchase, and there are far more features that I imagined.Would be better if it had a battery and did not need to be plugged in all the time


  It’s a super gadget but getting music that is mine on cd onto amazon music is not working. Also it doesn’t call any of my contacts. I’ve followed all instructions. Still- it is fun to have.


  Got this as an extra to the full size Echo we already have, in the hope that the smaller model would be more treble, less bass. Sadly, not so. Good for music, bad for talk.


  I bought 4 alexas but didn’t realise you had to have family prime to stream music on all 4 devices.After getting family prime I now realise that all family members have to have an email account and be thirteen or over. My children are eight and twelve. I’m not sure how to fix this. So could be a waste of time buying them.A bit disappointed 


  You need to pay for service to have access to music....very slow to get tune in app free radio...google home get that much quicker...amazon echo store your conversation ....and listen most of time....spying device....?....


  Alexa is not working properly she tells me she can not find music she had found a few weeks ago .. I am paying £399 a monthWhy has it stopped working?


  some of the questions asked, i got the wrong answer. But it is good for getting general information like what is the weather like today. But for the price it is ok


  Not bad for a little speaker. Got it on the recent deal so glad I didn’t pay the full price as I don’t think it’s worth £50!!!


  Iv got 2 and they are pretty amazing at first and handy when the kids ask you questions you have no idea the answer too  but after a few months they keep cutting out on music even though you have to pay for the music service monthly and one hardly ever picks up your voice now..All in all pretty good if you get it in the sale but not worth full money


  I like Dot so far but still haven’t found the time to understand her abilities skills as yet am sure given time I will .


  Can’t be bothered unless you want to employ me in your R&D team.


  I seem to find that Alexa often doesn't know the answer to my questions. I didn't have a music subscription before Alexa so have taken a trial one. Alexa can turn off my smart tv but not turn it on. I think it probably can be very useful but it's a work in progress.


  Whist the speaker is far superior to the 2nd generation the actual feature of Alexa hearing has been made far worse you have to repeat everything a couple of times yet my dot 2nd generation works fine and responds


  It's ok...but quite useless. I don't have a smart home so restricted in what Alexa can do. A lot of stuff she says she can't do. No different to using Google Voice on my phone tbh...just hands free.If I had known...I might not have bought one...and I got one on sale. I'd only buy one again if it was £10.


  I already have an amazon echo, so purchased the echo dot as an add on to our home, I can be in the same room as the Echo dot and speak to it, but with no response, however the echo in the room upstairs does respond. Overall I think it is ok if you have a smaller room or are only using one device. I prefer my echo but the echo dot is ok.


  It didn’t always respond however have to agree that the speaker quality was good and plays music well. I had to send it back as the responsiveness and productivity did not seem appreciable to me however may work for someone.


  I find it a pain at times as it will not shut off when asked to


  Bought it as a present and my friend loves it especially when playing music.


  Has a problem with dialects not just my own which is Scots but also my friend from LeicesterHave to repeat things several times srart shouting at her lol


  It's a very good sound for such a little speaker but it doesn't recognize every question i ask EG Alexa play The Pretenders Greatest Hits she says sorry I didn't recognize that and that's just one example


  Great device and great sound, would have got 5 stars but marked down as the drop in feature isn’t working correctly on one of the devices and amazon haven’t been very quick to help. Still not working as it should.


  It only connects to anything amazon and you cannot play anything though the earphone speaker unlike it says you can. For the money in the sale it's okay. You have to pay for amazon music or it wouldnt be much use.


  Sound quality is poor sometimes you find yourself shouting alexa literally ! works great with smart products for example smart wifi bulbs


  The idea is terrific but just lately it’s cutting out for no obvious reason.Maybe WiFi connection, so I’m starting to be concerned.


  Great addition to my home but what did find was that sometimes it does not respond to me when I speak to it. Had to reboot it often to get it back in line to following me.


  I purchase 3 of these in total I got 2 for myself I have one in my living room one in my bedroom you can do so much with the play the radio set timers play games I also got one for my mum who is 69 she loves hers to I think it would be good for children and teenagers to


  Alexa doesn't play what is asked.Today I asked for Van Morrison and got 30 minutes of Cat Stevens.I live in south east England but when I ask for the news it gives me news from Algeria


  If I say "Alexa turn the sound down" either it will get really loud or it will stop and do something random!


  I cannot seem to get tuned into BBC Radio2 for the past couple of days. Why is this? And what can I do to achieve my preference.


  When Alexa responds to your commands it's actually not bad . However, when it doesn't respond to your commands it's frustrating....very frustrating!


  In the Help; there is nothing to help!Eligible for replacement going to call Amazon to get a new one...


  Just wish I had waited a week to buy as it went down £20!!!!


  I expected better, Alexa does not know much.  The Google dot is much better, more informative by far.


  if you subscribe to amazon music or spotify music for 3 months you get that for 99p which is great, otherwise you have to pay 9.99p per month which Im not prepared to do so it will be interesting to see what happens to my Echo when 3 months is up!!!  Alexa's favourite saying is "sorry I cant help you "


  Sound great. Love the concept. But takes so long for Alexa to respond to instructions. Just ignores me really until I shout at her !! Honestly.


  Use in home, Listen to music And weather forecasts.I find the sound is not good, too blurry all round, cannot remove this with bass at minimum ans tremble at maximum


  Brilliant to listen to music and informative but doesn't understand what I'm saying to it most of the time.


  Great way of extending the Alexa around the home but the Americans digital voice that comes with it is so annoying - echo voice so much better


  Its probably brilliant..if you know how to set it up . It just needs simple instructions. How to get them to talk to each other etc . Our original was connected to firestick but we moved that to the kitchen but the new one does not seem to connect so have to go into the kitchen to voice control the firestick


  It's a nifty gift but as I have hearing impairment, I can't understand what alexa is saying, it sounds muffled. Plays music OK though.


  Not happy that I can't play music as I wanted to be able to listen to music while I work. I have Spotify but will not work so not very happy


  Some aspects of the echo dot are very pleasing, good response and pleasing tones. However extremely frustrating in loads contacts file for messages and calling. At purchase no mention made of the need for an account for the playing of music.


  alexa is not wireless it have to be plugged in, cant play music from youtube have to subscribe to paying music platform as  many songs are not on Amazon music  ,  Voice Recognition doesn't always work


  I love my Alexa so I bought a smaller one for my “Man Cave” to use as an Alarm Clock, and also to listen to whilst I have a shower, it’s just too small.. The sound quality isn’t as good as my full size one.. But it works ok ..


  It's good but playing music at a high volume Alexa can't hear you this needs to be improved because you find yourself shouting at it at close range


  Sound quality is much worse than previous versions. Sometimes I can't even understand what she is saying. I think they've tried to improve the music playback at the expense of the vouce - much too bassy.


  I'm not very happy the she can't answer many questions and sometimes can't understand what we said


  Okay but a little disappointed.It doesn't catch most things I say and I speak clearly.  It has an American accent.


  Sound quality for speech not as clear as previous generation. Refuses to play radio until reset and then requires reset again after a few days. Disappointing after success of my other (earlier) Echo Dots.


  Confusing the setup was difficult for me an oldie need written instructions


  It’s ok, but you get what you pay for. No where near as good as the bigger Alexa speaker we have. Have to repeat Alexa a few time’s usually before it responds.


  The 3rd gen is great the sound is so much better then 2nd gen but i can't get it to to my all group that plays all over the house.


  Having another 4 Alexa's around the house,this one was the one that let me down..set it up on my daughters room and the speaker is not as loud as the the other ones plus she struggles to listen to what we ask.


  Works ok but really dont see what the fuss is about as I'm sure Google does more on a mobile phone. Will be buying all the extras soon so we shall see.


  This is the second Dot I have bought. The first I purchased in Spain.  It has excellent sound and is very responsive.  The second Dot which I bought in the UK has very poor sound quality  - fuzzy with a lot of vibration at all volumes.  It slow to respond and does not understand simple commands.


  The Echo Dot is an inexpensive way of introduction to Alexa 'technology'. However as an avid listener of BBB Radio 4 I have been so very disappointed that I cannot get radio 4 on Alexa with this gadget. So at the moment my Dot stays in its box for much of the time.


  Not a keen userNot sure about privacy even when microphone mute selected


  I bought this device to connect to my new Panasonic TV for voice control. Very complex to set up, still have not set it up . to complicated Useless. Just use your remote.


  When it is working it’s ok but keeps going off even though its only a few inches away from the tp link on the workshop


  Looks neat and tidy. Brought as add on for Alexa plus in another room. Sometimes miss hears you and took dogs barking as an answer to question of the day. Which surprisingly he got right.


  I only bought this product because my tv was Alexa compatible.  I should have read up on it as only does 3 things which is my fault.It’s also struggling to connect with my Spotify account but not sure if that’s because I have google speaker connected also.


  What on earth?  This is our 4th Alexa type thingy but the first to arrive with a speech impediment.  So far I haven't been able to get it to talk proper like...


  Dissapointed as waited weeks for it to arrive. The sound has no bass at all so quite tinny. Sometimes the sound breaks up.


  It is not as responsive as my larger Alexa, and I was disappointed that I can’t use my music subscription for the Echo Dot.  I didn’t realise that it would cost more to access my music.


  Wanted another Alexa  in a different room, sound quality not half as good as our Amazon Alexa, still trying to use them together.  Don't like American voice on the Dot.


  I got this in the sale for £20 as I had always wanted one but I am really disappointed. It doesn't always respond it keeps saying "I am having trouble connecting right now' when nothing else is having a problem. The quiz games are repetitive that is if it can stay connected long enough to finish a quiz round.Overall I am very disappointed.


  why do they play deaf and then turn on on their own ?


  The amazon dot was a gift I didn't know about. I haven't used it a lot so can't comment at this time.


  I have Alexa on a Sonos item and expected this to be the same, disappointing that my Alexa voice on Sonos is clear and enunciates well in a non country or regional accent, but the voice on this is very American.


  I wanted to play my deezer play lists thru alexa but because i am a free user I am unable to; it seems you need to be a paying member which is ridiculous so for deezer its my mobile phone linked to a blue tooth speakert


  Nice device, but didn't realise that premium subscriptions were required for Spotify /amazon music etc.


  I really wanted it to be able to play my own music collection, which it can't do even with add in apps, it's really designed to use amazon / spotify, whcih works well. Frankly easier to use a tablet PC to play your own music.


  The app crashes all the time, even when you're not using it. The sound quality is great. Highest volume setting is awful. If you have music on Alexa is terrible at hearing you say her name. The main reason I bought it was for the music. Don't waste your money is my advice.


  It’s brilliant BUT ugly as hell! I have four and the Dots my latest edition to a growing family. Of all the Amazon devices, it’s really really ugly!Sorry 


  Brilliant for setting reminders and alarms on and for playing music. Rubbish for answering questions, the answer to most questions are 'I don't know that' and that included when we asked her about special K hacks that had just been advertised on TV to ask herKids love it though!


  It's alright, not great cause didn't recognise my playlists on Amazon prime or Deezer.Would work better if a full Amazon user I guess


  My disappointment with this item started before I took it out of the box. I ordered the echo dot an hour or so after ordering another item .Both items arrived in the same package yet I was charged separate delivery cost for each item. I am disappointed with the sound quality of the dot as the description suggested it would be quite good . It is not. My disappointment was complete today as the dot is now £35 and I paid £50.


  Can’t get the music I want unless I pay.  Get Spotify for free on tablet or computer and choose what music I want.Apart from that it is fun and good for shopping lists!


  Good for getting latest news and weather. Does sometimes mishear what you ask for


  I have to ask alexia a few times before it responds


  The echo dot i greate but it arived two days late


  I have had it for a few weeks but I have had problems  were it doesn't listen and when playing music  you tell it to stop and it keeps going on the only way to sort it is to unplug it  and I havent had it do it for the past few days but overall  not too bad amzon u need to bring a update out for them


  For the price of the dot you can’t really go wrong whether it’s to add a smart speaker to control devices or to listen to the radio in the morning, however if you want to hear it when your with a group of people the sound is non existent, sound quality in general is not very good either but like I said for the price for a Sunday morning radio etc it’s ok


  Excellent speaker for size however cannot find local bus train timetables easily. You have a get special kills (app) and then put in the bus stop codes!!!. clumsy I found that this for must apps. Traffic you cannot say what is the local traffic like


  Quite amusing at first. Plays the radio, news and weather. Doesn't know much only wikipedia. Have been sent Google home. Will try that. Not much impressed so far. No local knowledge. Very American.


  I brought it to listen to music, but the sound quality for music is not what I expected. And if the volume is above 7 Alexa can't hear you without shouting over the music..other than that it does everything else fine. Just not made for music.


  Beeps and makes noises when not expected.  Not convinced at all that these are actually useful.


  Great product however after a couple of weeks speaker started to crackle and sound quality deteriorated.


  Decent system but speaker quality is awful. We used it to plays music off our media server.


  If you don't subscribe to Amazon prime or Spotify premium then it can only play genres of music & not the song you ask for.


  Using in living room works perfectly fine apart from it Responds to every time someone talks even when do not disturb is on so have to mute it at night.


  Not bad however needs improvements connecting to Alexa compatible devices.Have to repeat requests a few times


  I really don’t like this.  It has no battery life, and means it has to be wired, and cannot be carried around when listening to music.  Also tied to amazon products, and music streaming services.  Maybe haven’t bothered to read the small print, dislike the thing, as l bought it mainly for speaker based on reviews


  Totally honest I'm not that impressed I already have a echo plus which I think it great! But this dot doesn't pick your voice up that great and quality of speakers not that great


  At the moment it’s sitting on the side my unit, it’s small and unobtrusive. It’s not fully up and running because I’ve not had time to deal with it.


  Not as good as I thought. Alexa couldn’t find my music library. Alexa is very American oriented, has trouble locating U.K features. I’m still persevering with her


  I have the original version of the dot and prefer the sound quality to that of generaton 3.  Generation 3 lacks the clarity to that of previous vwssions


  She speaks clearly however occasionally crackles. Which at this point is not currently an issue. The understanding of what I say is occasionally incorrect and I speak pretty plain so it gets me and it still fails sometimes, I of course understand we're at the beginning of AI. Overall good product very few reasons to not buy.


  small little item but could not learn my voice, not linked to google and you must have an amazon music account to listen to certain songs.Limited altogether


  Better value than a show and great for linking a stereo to your nerwork or Bluetooth. Not using it for anything else as finding it locked down too much like can't multi room with other speakers unless Amazon music used or radio. Bit limited really if you want your own music or video audio streamed around home. Shame could do more


  Unfortunately, we have experienced several unexpected cut outs whilst listening to Alexa music via Echo Dot 3rd generation. We have had to reset it on various occasions and also re-sited it closer to our internet hub - this has not really resolved the issue. Not sure if our Echo Dot is faulty or just "flaky" but phone calls to Amazon seem to suggest any fault lies with us.


  Problems connecting to other devices that are supposed to be compatible especially tv’s, not the best control device.


  Nice sound, answers straight away but doesn't always connect to our Sony speaker...also doesn't always know answers to questions (have to ask google) perhaps we should have bought a courtana !!


  Arrived in good time but my mobile phone packed up so I'me waiting for a new one as my tablet doesn't support the dot app. willgive a better score later when dot works


  Alex does not play what I want half the time. Keeps saying she does not have the music when she played it the day before and turns one when no one even talks


  I was given a echo dot 3rd generation for a gift  I loved it that I brought from amazon two more for different rooms  they are so handy cooking trimmers.  any questions you want to ask it  etc.  loads of things  they really are well worth the money


  Speaker didn’t reach as far as I thought it would in my voice and is a bit quieter than expected, quite often due to accents it will misunderstand a few words but 9/10 times it is fine, it’s a great product and easy to set up and use.


  I have Apple Music & intend to stay with it. All you get from Amazon is Amazon music Amazon music Amazon music Amazon music Amazon music. Alexa tells you she cannot play specific albums on Apple Music but if you subscribe to Amazon music she can. Getting a bit sick of hearing Amazon music.


  It’s not as great as everyone makes out. Most annoying thing is it’s not wireless, you can only use it when it’s plugged in, and I’m not about that plug/unplug life. Really annoying


  Disappointed to find that this item doesn't have a built in battery meaning that it's not portable. If it did that would make it a much better product. With the quantity being manufactured the overall cost would be minimal & any increase in the overall size would be a small price to pay.


  After a few months of operating optimally, the unit has started to degrade in terms of sound quality. It sounds crackly and muffled at times.


  Bought a second dot for bedroom. Was disappointed that although I pay for the £3.99 music package I can’t use it when I’m upstairs. As this is my second appliance can only use package on one. What’s the point in that. Can get radio on my tv. Wouldn’t have bothered had I known.


  If it isn't next to me it either doesn't hear me or doesn't understand me. Sometimes it simply doesn't understand me. I will be buying another Echo and put this one down to getting what you pay for!


  I seem to get a message like sorry voice not recognised and sorry server not available please connect via app settings


  Doesn’t play at same time as bigger one.


  Already have Echo which works pretty well so bought the dot version to use in other rooms. Works well with good sound quality. Do not get access to all music without subscription. This seems a bit harsh as already subscribe to prime and amazon music. Not doing any favours to loyal customers!!


  I bought Echo Dot for amazon music but the sound quality is very bad, and voice recognition could be better.


  As a partialy sighted user, accesableinstructions would have been VERY HELPFUL, but...... xx


  Good easy to use but sometimes Alexa doesnt understand the voice and refuses to play anything .


  The sound is a bit muffly, not as good as the Echo. I've bought an external docking speaker which improves it, but only after buying a proud bird plug stand, so that was a waste of money! In fact I've got two Dots and am doing the same with the other!


  It's ok but keeps losing connectivity with other echo devices so have to reset the thing once every couple of days. Still needs improved network resilience and better recovery logic. Just not there yet, keep trying Amazon.


  Overall I enjoy using Alexa.I still haven’t figured out how to listen to the BBC radio.. not easy.One thing that let me down is that it is not wireless.. really annoying feature.


  All ready had echo plus and pay 3.99 for my music but now to get music on my dot in my bedroom they want  10.00 a month NO WAY


  Bought to play radio mainly, Amazing for answering questions, Shame she won’t play bbc radio 2 though, cuts off after a few minutes, constantly having to say ‘play bbc radio 2’. Have reverted back to the crackly fm radio.


  Did not get on with my bt discs & router. Had to call in Openreach for help. Cannot play two echo dots in different rooms at same time.


  Apart from asking the question of the day and playing internet radio I haven't done much else with this. Anything else seems to cost more dosh.


  A grate bit of kit but unfortunately it broke down in under four weeks. I hope the replacement is more reliable


  Use it for Amazon music, think mine is deaf, it's always getting it always says, sorry I don't know that. Think I should of got the Google mini.


  Whilst switched on my iPhone will not allow people to hear me so I have to switch it off.


  I was not properly informed about the different GHz broadband requirements.  Mine is 5ghz so the accessories did not work without some technical assistance.


  Difficulty with voice recognitionIntegration not always workingSound quality ok


  Not impressed with the sound quality, it actually sounds like the speaker is blown


  I love this item its really great and the volume is brilliant for such a small speaker


  Good sound but software is clearly different to the big brother / sister - you have to say BBC Radio 4 rather than just Radio 4. - doesn’t understand as well either - that said if you bought on Amazon prime day a great internet radio is nothing else


  Great for controlling the Philips Hue lights and Amazon / Authorities to eavesdrop on our conversations.Every house should have them - for free soon...


  The system is a bit dimwitted and doesn't seem to want to learn simple things like where it is/I live. Instead giving me the home weather as towns 15 miles away or the American version of my town (I live in the UK).Doesn't keep hold of devices so needs constant reconnecting so what's the point when it would be quicker and easier just to use the device in person than asking Alexa to do anything...


  Overated... smart phone more useful. Can buy these for under £25 now, I wonder why?


  Not a bad product but just wish I’d bought the bigger one with a bit more power, this ones ok for the kids room


  Alexa does as she pleasesTurns the radio shows on , turns offShe was a expensive radio


  Not as amazing as everyone makes out. Superb build quality but that's it.


  This model has weak wifi and drop connection where previous model doesn’t. The stereo paired features is not working properly and grup feature works badly too.


  Its quite good but possibly I expected too much from the voice recognition and internet searches. Its ok


  Alexa is a very smart device which helps with everyday reminders etc. however sometimes I would ask her a simple question like "Sorry, what did you say" and it would say back "Sorry, I don't know that one" also would have been nice if Polish language was supported


  The Echo always had difficulty connecting to the internet. I don’t know whether it was becos it was during sales when I bought it with the Amazon prime 1 month subscription, but it never connects readily to the internet. Be ready to get stressed with a tiny device!


  Integrating into the system is a nightmare, particularly integrating it with the TV


  Well I bought this to sink up with my other echo but it seems this will not work on BBC radio stations so as I move around my place there is a lag from one to the other. Very disappointed as that is the reason I purchased a second smaller unit. This was not mentioned in any write ups so be aware!


  Only thing is when you ask Alexa some questions, she doesn't give you the answer. She just says "I don't understand". Which is rubbish, as Google home can find out any answer to any question I have ask it. But Alexa is good as it's linked to my music


  The speaker on gen 3 is clearly better. However, gen 3 disconnects from my WiFi a lot more. Sent one back as I thought it was defective. Second device does the same. Think before you buy. Better speaker or connectivity seems to be the choice.


  Not really any good for playing music.Volumes are different for each track, so your constantly changing the levels.Great for everything else.


  Good enough product for the money.The notes should be clear that a second music subscription is required if using Amazon music.Otherwise very happy with product.


  Excellent idea and very helpful at times. But alexa doesn't know everything and misunderstands some requests. Other technical issues like linking spotify are a pain.


  Great speakers! I mostly use Alexa to play music and the quality is perfect!However sometimes asking her basic things, we get the response “i don’t know that one” which is very annoying!


  It’s ok if you like that sort of thing but personally I can read the time my self so why ask a machine


  I think you need all the amazon products to get the most out of AlexaLights, music PrimeNot used much at all


  I really love my Alexa except I have to unplug it from the socket each time I want it in a different room. Would have been good to just unplug at base then put back in room to charge


  This one has an American accent which I can’t change.  My echo plus speaks with an English accent but for some reason the dot doesn’t. Apart from that great gadget.


  Whilst I say it is a useful bedside accessory if you are looking for good sound output you will need to attach external speakers.


  Although they have good sound quality they are really difficult to integrate with my appliences.


  Voice recognition isn't great and its range of answers seems to be very limited. Probably would've got a Google Home Mini if had to make the choice again


  Have a echo dot 2nd generation love it so much decided to have the new 3rd gen  which I believe had a better sound , well the sound quality is nowhere as good as as my 1st purchase as it was on offer I have decided to keep it but I'm very disappointed with the sound quality .


  The sound quality is great, but it does sometimes sound like you've put it against something and it gets muffled. Alexa's responses slowed after less than a month and it turns off by itself when I leave it playing music.


  Still trying to find our way around Alexa, a lot of our questions seemto fail, hopefully this will improve in time


  Bought this product for my daughter's birthday when we opened the box there was no instructions so don't know how to set it up


  I'm disappointed in the sound quality.Also it does not play tracks that I ask for - whereas the bigger Alexa I also have will play specific tracks.


  Doesn’t always recognise my voice. Can’t get it to control all the lights in the room at once. Steep learning curve.


  I have this and an echo, this for some reason will not recognise my voice commands.  How do I send this back.


  dont like the change done on the power supply in 3rd gen. After 10 days the echo dot stopped working didnt think much of it at first as I was having broadband problems with my provider. Once it was fixed I couldn't get the dot to switch on, thinking I could use the power supply to the other 2nd gen dot I had to check it, 2nd gen usual USB connector lead. 3rd is a gen fixed plug to jack input they are totally different so I have had to return it!


  Not sure what is happening with the Alexa but it recognises your voice and says that it will play your request but then nothing plays - is this a common problem?


  Quality and sound is excellent for the size, however the microphones are a waste of space and no where near as good or effective as the 2nd generation .


  Will not control my play lists because I only have iTunes Match even though other Bluetooth devices do


  This was not for me, so I do not use it very much. The weather is good and the music channels


  light bulbs, plugs and other Alexa compatible items are expensive and can be slow to add/recognise.


  Don't like the fact that every now and then it just cuts out.


  Parcel was NOT handed over to myself as stated, just left on the door step, not a good idea in this day and age!!


  I have a couple of the older version of these already and they worked perfectly fine, however this one will not recognise any bbc radio stations. I understand you now have to use Alexa skills to link to the bbc, but it just doesn’t work. Disappointing.


  Initially to play music I understood it was free then I’m charged £3.45 a week which I think is rather expensive.  Could Amazon explain please.I have tried to email help with no success.


  Alexa often just stops playing - hoping this is something which can be resolved


  Luv the product... BUT purchased this as second eco to link to my HiFi system. Appears that you have to increase your monthly payments to access amazon music, which i don't think is made clear at point of purchase. Probably wouldn't have bought had i known this, as I could simply move single eco over to my HiFi.


  The echo sometimes does not work properly. It stop working in the middle of playing music.


  Can't really say much at the moment... It's not really been set up and used as yet... Ultimately with this device... Without a power supply and WiFi it's pretty useless... I knew that and have access to both. I'll get round to sorting it out... Eventually


  I wish in bought the large one the sound is miles better.  Good for a small room.


  Like very much amazing reminds me to take my tablets on time  live it playing songs lots very interesting glad I brought it


  Not Very good the app is Awful and the Apple Music doesn’t work. Voice recognition is very bad and doesn’t have very good Awnsers to questions


  I think this little device is amazing and I love playing around with it. I can see its potential.


  Not the same quality as the larger unit but adequate for my requirements.


  Unfortunately the first Echo I received was faulty and had to be returned but the replacement is fine.  The sound quality for music is poor but it is brilliant for listening to audio books.


  Maybe it’s me but doesn’t answer my questions when it does answer it a random answer but may be time will till


  Sound quality when on the receiving end of a phone call is quite poor


  Sorry. Purchased as a gift. Recipient was very happy.


  How do I set this up with iPad that has IOS 9.3.5.  This appears not to be supported?


  Device does not seem to work.  Cannot get it to connect to internet.  The item was a Christmas gift from my son and so am disappointed that I am not able to use it.


  Have to have amazon unlimited on top of amazon prime which is annoying because I have amazon music but won’t play my playlist cause I don’t have unlimited which is extra money on top what I pay already. Sometimes takes a few try’s to recognise me or realise I’m talking to it


  Cant set it up will not connect for some reason we had it as a xmas oresent


  I ordered two of these, one of which works perfect, the other always disconnects from the wifi and will not re connect untilNumerous attempts have made


  Cannot get it to work on Everywhere group. Works perfectly apart from that.


  I love this little device. Great sound and amazing features.


  Convenient little device, voice recognition good, sound quality is awful, just about ok for listening to music but Alexa's voice is not clear at all.


  I love the size and price as I got it for £22.50 I expected the sound to be much better for 3rd generation and the rrp of £50. It's quite tinny. Weve found putting it in a small window seems to amplify the sound better. For the £50 price tag I'd say go for the 2nd generation tower instead. Much better sound for the money.


  Had it for gift, didn't know you had to pay extra for different things


  If I'd know that I had to bye a bridge to set up echo dot, I would have not bought it as it cost £42 and this is not clear on web page  when placing order .


  Love this, seems much better than the Google Home system it's replacing, however it can turn my TV's off but not on which is really frustrating as other devices and apps seem to have no difficulty doing this!


  The kids actually enjoy using this to find their favourite songs. Alexa doesn't always respond when you say her name, it takes you saying it a few times to get a response. She isn't really loud and I've had issues connecting it to my speakers however it's not connecting. Apart from the few minor issues I've had it's not bad for the price paid.


  There is no dispute or argument with the great product. I purchased the product as it promised a 4 months free music unlimited but after talking to the support team for about an hour today regarding the free music, it turned I am not eligible for it due to my amazon music region was set to US which I have no idea how it happened.


  Its ok but if you got a lg tv go google lg integration is piss poor to say the least ill be changing over if it dont improve next year plus iv already got a google chrome cast


  This product has limited capabilities and I am even thinking of sending it back as it is of no use. Google home assistant is way better


  Haven't purchased one!!


  Good device for alexa but the sound quality is terrible, even in a small space on a low volume. Not worth purchasing outside of the sale price and if connecting to a better speaker, but then you may as well purchase something more suitable anyway.


  We were very disappointed to find that Alexa's voice has an american accent, and we are very used to our lovely lady speaking to us with her english accent - I also have a feeling - although not 100% sure - that the daily tips and music choices are also slanted towards America!  I have no objection to America, we just prefer UK options!


  Like the convenience of being able to ask Alexa to answer questions as they pop in my head, also like the calendar, lists and music.Don’t like the fact that it won’t play Radio2 or Virgin Radio.  It did for the first week but for some reason it doesn’t any more.  I’ve tried every ‘fix’ and nothing works.


  Still trying to get it to accept my address, it has a mind of it's own as to where I live and therefore won't set up, I will keep trying.


  This model audio seemed muffled to me - I know treble bass etc can be adjusted via Alexa app but still preferred the old model


  Doesn’t always hear what I say as Alexa does. It speaks with an American accent which is annoying!


  I’m distinctly underwhelmed by this. The voice recognition isn’t great and the sound quality is awful.


  I like that you can just ask questions as they pop up without having to find something to look it up in.I don't like that it doesn't know a lot of the answers to the questions I ask!


  Already own an echo, just wanted a friend for it. It’s currently being used in my daughters room.


  Not too bad, Decent sound. I have been using Google Home for a while so maybe being a bit unfair as Google Home is far more impressive.


  Tells you to connect to amazon internet but when u try it doesn't work


  Our Dot is not as responsive as our Echo but for the price you can.t get better


  I love alexa and have three of them, the only thing I dont like is the fact I cant decide on my language options although i can have it in english because of my location all the apps are in Spanish I think you should be able to choose your preferences and not be dictated to by location


  I have the Echo as well as the dot and the sound quality of the dot is not as good by a long way with the Echo


  Great little speaker does everything you need.Fustrated that the fact it went down in price a couples days after ordering


  Some times she ignores me if I ask her some thing .Reminds me of my X


  A good concept but let down badly by poor sound quality. Very muffled sound. Also cuts in when not required or name mentioned. Needs more development.


  Good product but for some reason Everytime I pickup a call or place a phone call it starts blasting my most recent Spotify song at max volume. This has caused my huge issues with business phone calls so I have had to deactivate the product and put it in storage


  Okay product, answers most questions. Set up was really quick as I didn’t connect to the lights or anything. Can’t listen to specific artists if you don’t have an amazon music account but the free music is good. Could be a bit louder but it’s a nice addition to my home


  Doesn't always reconise or know information about songs. Used at home


  I only got this as a free item with Hive.  I honestly wouldn't bother; it decides when it wants to work, what it wants to play, and despite me having a music unlimited account refuses to acknowledge the fact and tells me to sign up for one.  Save your money and get a radio.


  Disappointed  that it is not very portable ie have to plug it in all the time, should have read the reviews! Find having to say alexa every time to give a command really annoying especially when the command is not heard and I have to repeat myself,  price was good though got on offer, certainly would not pay full price for it!


  when I ask it to do things it should be able to do like link to my TV it simply says it cannot do that  and does not tell me what to do or where to get help to sort this out....


  Not the best, Alexa goes off on her own little rants about amazon music and sometimes doesn't hear voice commands.


  She sometimes doesn’t understand or do what is requested. Can be so frustrating.


  Alexa doesn’t pick up my accent very well sometimes it takes 4/5 times & then I just give up!


  Most features work but Alexa doesn’t always get it right and it’s frustrating, has promised more, needs more music streaming skills.


  once you have bought yore echo dot you then have to pay to install apps so think carefullyThe basics are there to get you interested then you have to pay for everything you want to add, eg to turn lights on and off you have to buy a bulb, then down load app, I would not buy one again no way


  My only issue is when you are playing music above 6 or 7 Alexa can't hear you and you have to start shouting


  Having several other earlier dots, I was disapointed to find the lack of usb input restricting you to the supplied power supply with its long cable! Apart from that the sound has improved over the earlier versions. The addition of fabric around the outside although looks the part, I suspect will become a bit of a dust trap


  No tone control


  Sound quality is fantastic.  Unfortunately Alexa doesn't always follow my husband's instruction, and most irritating of all, the Echo keeps going off and we have to ask again.


  Great for music, good for quick questions, however after only having an Echo dot since Christmas, it's now so slow to react, it's quicker to Google on my phone.  Been on several forums but cannot find a way of getting Alexa to respond as it did.  Disappointing...


  Does what Alexa does so happy with that.  However, despite activating the Radio Skill, this Alexa dot is incapable of playing BBC radio stations without dropping signal on a regular basis.  Something my earlier generation Alexa is perfectly capable of achieving.


  does not  remind you and in  Addvance  that was one of the reasons l bought it .


  Sound quality not great


  it's good but the fact you can't get youtube on it is an absolute killer.


  I don’t like that sometimes I’m having to repeat myself because Alexa doesn’t understand what I’m telling her


  Although the item in itself is good I'm very disappointed that Amazon doesn't tell you you can only have one device in the house on at one time unless you are listening to the same music.  I bought this for my bedroom but cannot use it if the one in the living room is on. Very misleading of Amazon in my opinion.


  .......if you are critical of audio for your music. Sounds like a small radio, which it is. Not very crisp. Sound quality is also affected dramatically by positioning and surroundings.


  Her lack of understanding what I say is annoying I have no accent, her lack of knowledge is not good.


  Delivered on time, bought for daughter bedroom works great. Fantastic value for money ordered during the recent prime discounts special.


  To be honest the novelty wears off, some convenience for switching on Philips Hue lights when your hands are full that's about it.


  Great product, just buy it new, you're taking a risk buying it refurbished!


  the product itself is very good but nowhere did I find before the purchase that you have to pay £7.99 per month for access to music of your choice, so I play the radio which can be played from my tv


  Does not recognise a great deal of what I say. Local accents seem to be a problem.


  the most annoying thing with the echo dot is when it gets your voice commands wrong, for example when I ask for a 15 minute timer and it gives me a 50 minute timer instead, and very rarely get the correct song I ask for on the first try or second and third try.


  Worked well with iPhone but would not sync with Samsung. This meant the gift wasn’t much use for the person intended. Works better on iPhone app and would recommend as small and subtle


  Needs updating, intergrating with 3rd party devices sucks


  DOESNT ANSWER ALL QUESTIONS ,BUT IS INTELLEGENT ENOUGH TO SAY I DONT KNOW


  Excellent voice recognitionPoor sound qualityBombarded with emails for Alexa this and Alexa that .. not needed !


  I didn’t realise you have to keep it plugged in the whole time.


  Compared to Siri Alexa doesn’t seem to be on the same level.Still it does the job and the sound quality is surprisingly good.


  I’ve two other Echo devices in my house which work ok. This one came with an American accent and if I ask this one to do things or questions it seems to have trouble understanding me and invariably takes a few attempts to get what I want. Disappointed with it compared with the other two.


  Most of the time she doesn’t respond to the wake word. I have 3 of them and they’re all just as bad.


  Lovely gadget, however, I do believe that there is a major design flaw!!!!!When the Alexa is in use it is extremely difficult to communicate with it, sometimes impossible as it doesn't hear your commands when it is in use.


  Pain in the backside. It took two days and numerous tries to get this to work. So no stars for that. There was no proper clear cur instructions with the echo dot. The quality of sound when we finally got it to work is exceptional. So five stars for that.


  Got this as a birthday gift. Don’t have any related technology in my house buts it’s good for radio news updates and weather. It seems to have an issue recognising my Scottish accent ! Also a lot of the add ons will all cost money .


  Over priced annoying not fully integrated obtrusive a security risk in the home open to hackers


  Not as good as I expected it to be. Speaker quality isn't great, can sound quite tinny


  is not so bad, but I expect better,. most of the question does not have an answer.sounds is good, music quality is perfect, commands is good. still thinking to buy tv fire stick to control more.


  The basic set up of the Echo Dot is very easy from a wifi connected device but if you want to alter something later that isn't so easy, as a result I am having to put up with a continual green flashing halo ring because I cannot access the message it is trying to give me.


  Not as good as expected. Voice recognition is useless, can't understand most of my requests. Disappointed.


  I have a couple now........ didn’t realise it was defaulted to American so took me a bit of frustration and a google or two to set it up correctly .....


  Good sound if you want to listen to music, but not so much for anything else.  The voice is way too deep, doesn't sound natural and very hard to understand.  Really disappointed, the sound is just shocking. Looks like I'll be going back to Google.


  Got this after purchasing Hive from British Gas. Set up it for Apple Music and it wouldn’t work. Read a few reviews on it and did what a couple said and then it started working. It did however only play a few songs so need to have a look.Sounds great, sometimes Alexa doesn’t get me, maybe it’s my Yorkshire accent!!!


  My music, sometimes it would only play 1 minute into the song then silence, I then had to switch off at plug then switch on again, this is a weekly occurrence


  My main reason for purchasing an Echo Dot was for music purposes - and have been let down. Have set Apple Music as the default music setting, but Alexa refuses to play my playlists. Have spoken to an advisor over the phone but they were unable to resolve the issue. Very disappointed


  It's very very particular about the electrical power it gets, meaning it has to have the expensive Alexa amazon leads and some outlets may not run it.Other than this works well, easy to talk to and very helpful


  Disappointed that BBC radio stations are now no longer available.  With the old Echo, I could give a command from a larger distance, now you have to be a lot closer.


  Sound fades after it has been playing a while.  Had to subscribe to Amazon music to get the musicians I wanted.  Alexa's voice introducing the music requested is unnecessary and annoying. But it is quite a nice little gadget to have.


  Ok for how small it is changed it for echo plus which is amazing


  The sound is definitely not as good as the tall one which is disappointing.


  American accent which you cant change and it often plays music whan you say lamp on or light on ect


  Find it hard to understand what I’d bring said. My friends Alexa voice is much clearer


  Object to having to increase subscription to listen to the same range of music from Alexa 12 feet from each other. Will review both later re value for money, at the mo not sure


  Product is good - Alexa can understand - however signed up for Apple Music and will play songs I like - some songs won’t play on the echo dot- which is completely weird. No other way to do it rather than playing through Spotify -


  She can be frustrating on answering question saying I do not know quite a lot


  Alexa is really not smart and she always says “sorry, I don’t know that one” or “you can write something on...”


  So far I am very pleased with my purchase however for the last 2 weeks it keeps stopping after less than 30 seconds this can happen 6/8 times on the trot then be ok. Do anybody have an answer to why this maybe happening.Thank you


  Easy to set up and worked well for 2 days. Now all I get is “I’m having trouble connecting to the internet” even though all my other wireless devices are fine. Been unable to use for 2 days as the help section on the app just shows dot as offline but no advice how to re connect.


  Excellent but accent recognition not as good as expected


  the negative for me is that is doesn't work very well playing BBC radio stations via voice commands asking to play on my Sonos speaker, hence the average rating


  I love the sound from this new device but it misses half of my voice cues. Often the mk2 devices in adjoining rooms reply instead of this new one even though I'm sitting next to it !!


  Poor sound quality and is not as good as my other echo dot 3rd generation. I got 2 echo dot and 1 echo showi decided to buy another 1 for my hall way but this item got really poor sound and poor voice recognition, you need to be near to be able to say command


  Only had a couple of weeks already had to factory reset it because the speaker wasn't working


  Very disappointed with the voice control,it dose not recognise most radio stations,if you ask for gem fm you get scout fm ‍♂️Ask for radio 1 you get cross county for some reason,I wonder if it’s because it a American voice,I have other Alexa devices that are English voice and they seem fine


  It took nearly 3 hours to set up due to the echo not connecting to the app and going through my laptop took just over an hour for it to find my wifi. They do listen to your conversations you are having around them so I keep it on mute. Sound quality is good tbf.


  This device needs serious further development!!! Do not buy if you are a pet owner. There should be a warning in the description.My two dogs who don't care about fireworks were petrified by some frequency that this product generates.


  My Alexa does not seem to recognise what I am asking for and often does the opposite. If I ask for happy times the reply is usually 'playing sad tunes from Spotify. It is fun though and a good sound quality.


  We didn't think that we would have to pay extra for personal choice of music -£3.99 is not the end of the world but it would have been good if you could advertise the fact that we would have to pay this monthly fee if we wanted to select our own personal 'songs'.


  It’s great to play music and sound is clearHowever I wish I it could tell me distances one place to another, what certain words mean etc


  bought to suppliment alexa device with screen. ok but instructions to add music non existant and I cannot get it to do what I wanted regarding music. it is used in the bedroom so adding reminders and lists is easy.dont like the american voice so much.


  Difficult to get to play BBC Radio - doesn't easily recognise voice


  In had to sign up for Amazon music to get a decent music library.Alexa doesn't understand much of what I say so im bored already.


  It's ok, doesn't always play when asked and doesn't always recognise your voice. When it does work the sound quality is very good.


  Good to use as a radio - need to be a genius to set it up.


  Quick start but won’t link up with my Alexa for playing same sounds around the house.


  It’s all very good as long as internet connection is good,which ours isn’t at present


  Happy with the product


  It is a bit bass would prefer a way of putting treble up


  Still finding it hard to find what I want


  Doesn't seem to 'hear' instructions as well as the 2nd gen version so only given 3 stars


  Disappointed to have to purchase items to make it really useful.


  Not as good as the echo,  has a delay and doesn’t always recognise what I am asking. Still a cool wee thing but spend money on the larger echo instead of the dot.


  Product fun sometimes others you have to repeat yourself also customers services aren’t good I want to know how much per month it would cost to get better things your phone and messages I can’t get do I need to buy the app for that I use it for time and the radio that’s all would like to use it more need more help


  Setup was not seamless, had to make several attempts to connect. Once connected this Echo dot did not (and still doesn’t perform as my other Echo devices do. Software seems to be up to date so I’m still trying to work out what the problem is.


  The Alexa product was very good this makes my forth one. It came with an Alexa 'Smart Plug' Still trying to get it work and link with the Alexa devise!


  Overall I think it’s a great product and brilliant value for money , but I wish I had paid extra and purchased the bigger one I think the sound quality would be worth it , but you live and learn


  It great if you have all the products for it to work, like the light bulbs, plus for the switches, etc etc. On it own it is just a glorified diary..............


  Honestly, not really that great... doesn’t recognise most phrases. Doesn’t understand what I’m saying and I have a clear received English accent. Rubbish to be honest.


  It was unexpected that any music/ song I like to hear is attached to a period of free trial followed by monthly payments!!! We like to hear songs every now and again, but we feel this arrangement is not good value for money and not suitable for us . Thank you


  I have not used Alexa much yet to give a review.


  I like the fact that it answers questions. What I don’t like is the sound quality it is awful. Will try adding a speaker and hope it improves.


  When ask to play certain music & artist. Always offered to upgrade.  When I refuse, it plays other music, quite frustrating.


  Does not understand me at all, does not know anything it’s like raising a kid you have to teach it everything, you ask it search up music and it says I don’t understand, to expensive plug £25 just to turn off and on cause fire after a day!!!!


  How many times can Alexa say "I'm sorry I don't now that"... Unplugged for now.  And Primenow are con artists. Complaint after complaint about trying to buy this device to be given scripted crap.  Good for Amazon music, but that's all. Might get better. Worth £25, deffo not worth £50


  Very useful and easy to use.


  Alexa is very polite and sociable up to a point. I find it hard to remember to say her name first and then give precise directions.


  Sounds great and voice recognition is about 95% on the money.Worst part is that if you have a few there is absolutely no way to link them and play the same music all through your house as you'd expect.Bit of a let down on that part.


  Once over the initial connection which is not particuarly easy the Echo works well.However i also bought a google system which was much easier to connect and works equally well,hence the 3 star rating.


  Got this free with Hive - that doesn't work properly either and Alexa doesn't understand what is said to it most of the time - glad I didn't pay for it - usually just use it for alarms and reminders and then I need to remember what I've reminded it to remind me of as it's got it wrong!!!


  Average sound quality.  Alexa not as intelligent as Google voice search.  Not integrated with e.g. train timetabling (Google is). Easy set up.  Annoyingly it tries to suggest purchases from Amazon or Amazon music unlimited subscription from time to time.


  Annoying voice.Disconnects from the internet quit often.


  Not had enough usage to write a constructive review


  i just recived this morning. the tre stars its for the delay but the product is very goodthank you One more time


  Although the concept is genius the actual reality for a Scottish person is not haha Alexa needs an interpreter for a lot of our commands. When she understands she is 5 star but for the most part three star.


  Device itself is okay, just doesn't know much. Wish i bought the Google HomeMy daughter uses it for music only.


  Wasn't expecting the echo dot to have a West Coast US accent when my echo that I purchased last year has a British accent. Its like they're cousins! However the sound that this little unit produces is way beyond what I expected! Great purchase! Especially on the Black Friday offer with 2 Hue light bulbs!


  Great fun kids love it


  It didn’t connect quickly even with my speedy WiFi and the volume is harder to control then you think. I do and will find it more useful with my smart lights and hopefully there will be more of a use as I can do nearly everything what i can do with Alexa on my phone but others can put it the other way around so, try and it could be help to you as many of my friends find it extremely useful


  Average, not as good as Google unfortunately.


  I bought a 2nd speaker to create a stereo pair. There are linked fine, only thing is it doesn’t automatically play in stereo. Only one plays when you say “Alexa play absolute 80’s” or “Alexa play radio 2”.If you go into settings it shows as Stereo Pair.So a bit disappointed.


  Free gift with Hive heating installation which is a little ironic as it won't actually recognise or control the heating.Takes a lot of setting up to achieve anything and seems a bit of a gimmick. The novelty wears off fast. Only really use it as a radio now.


  this keeps losing signal yet my Alexa never does strange.


  The product is fantastic, however I was unaware that you had to subscribe to a music channel to be able to use it correctly.  Would have been better informed if it was.mentioned on the website.


  Loved it for the first couple of weeks, but since then the sound has become an issue and is now more crackly than my old FM radio.  Not sure if I have a faulty cable/unit, but am in the process of requesting a replacement to find out...


  Ok item but it is so annoying to see that the item which I paid £50 very short time ago now sold for £30!!!


  Alexa is great it is just a pity that the smart sockets and smart bulbs I bought at the same time dont work.Finding out that they only work on bla bla ghz Wi-fi after I bought them I only have bla bla big ghz. Arghhh!


  Shame it doesn’t work on its own,unplugged


  Returned this . Love my Alexa so I thought I would get one for the bedroom. However what they don’t tell you is that you have to upgrade to multi room which was £9-99  monthly  instead of w£3-99


  When internet drops out you have to reconfigure the whole system. Infuriating.


  It’s got a good variation of lullabies for my son to play but then sometimes I’ll ask Alexa to play my Spotify instead and it lights up then turns off or is laggy with the playback which is annoying and it happens sporadically so I can’t figure out what it is


  You have to ask it several times before it picks up. I have wondered if it’s faulty


  i do really like the echo dot however i mainly use it to listen to the radio but if i have it on for say more than 2 hours it seems to turn it self off for no reason


  I also have an echo, what I don’t like is that in order to sync them so I can play music in different rooms I have to pay extra...... you should be able to use both devices without having to up grade your subscriptions. Other than this Sound is good quality and I can get radio


  We are using this as an intercom from the lounge to other areas of our home. The second time we used it we were delighted (not) to hear two complete strangers having an argument on our echo dot. What`s happening there?


  Sometimes it doesnt answer the question that i ask or it plays a different song to one i request


  Very good some small problem to solve


  Purchased 2 to go with echo dot 2.Purchased as I was drunk. No real benefit to having them but sound quality is better that gen 2


  I was very happy to pay the reduced price for this. Sound is ok for the reduced price.


  It has trouble recognising what I say sometimes and it gets very frustrating


  Sound quality not good - better using external speaker.


  Since I'm here in the UK I cant add my number because it only recognizes US phone number. Voice recognition is amazing. Sound quality is also amazing. I always make sure to ask the weatherin the morning. Alarms and reminder are spot on and also remind me in the app.


  Only three stars as I am finding it a steep learning curve, my grandson loves it!


  The thing is all right if you have a posh accent but if you're a broud spoken Glasgow man you soon give up.


  2 out of the 3 alexas had to be reset and was stressful. It's a 50/50 if it understands what youre trying to say. Audible stories keep stopping every now and again which is annoying


  Alexa cannot tell me a lots of things. It was very limited. Not I thought that good.


  The dot itself is good and has some very useful/helpful features (e.g., timer, shopping tv). It is a hopd device to have at home so I would recommend to a friend. One disadvantage is that I could not link it to my fire tv stick to be anle to turn on/off my tv. I returned the fire stick because of this.


  seems slower to react than the previous models, uses more standby power.speaker is really good though, my daughter uses it as her actual only music player for her room and sh is more than happy with it!if it goes on offer its defo worth getting it!


  Good overall all but I find that it often doesn't hear me say 'Alexa' to wake the device.When in my living room with this device, My Sonos One and previous generation Echo Dot hear me fine when this one does not, and they are further away in different rooms.


  Started off really well, but have had it over a month now and things are starting to play up on it now, flashing all different sorts of colours saying it's not connected to my WiFi which is working perfectly btw, it's a bit like a second wife because even Alexa has started ignoring me now!!!


  It was a present and we were very pleased how it works so well and easy to use


  Most of the time my wife and myself cannot understand what Alexa is saying,it sounds so muffled her voice.


  Not a lotAsk a question, then give a answer what is right then get told its wrongThen it stops not what I expected


  Difficult to set up. Had to done via mobile. I would have preferred it via PC but this is not possible. The actual product now up and running is very good.


  Alexa doesn't know much just a Amazon gimick


  Would not buy it as I ask question it does not know the answer very poor.


  Don’t know why you had to change the connection has it don’t fit any units I have bought


  Was a Xmas present so haven’t used it much


  Like the compactness, not bad sound. Could be more encyclopaedic.


  Quite often she does not pick your voice/ speak up


  Alexa does not always recognise the song your looking for


  Promising piece of tech with plenty of potential.1000's of tricks and used but still needs improvement on phrases recognition, questions, instructions , sound quality and overall knowledge.


  My 3 year old granddaughter loves it, no matter what I am listening to she tells Alexander to stop and play baby finger. Annoying but funny.


  Fantastic improvement on sound quality compared to 2nd generation dot. No matter what we try, it will not fully connect to different generations of echos or dots. On the rare occasion both work, there is a horrible 5 second delay between both


  Mainly used to make my hi-fi Bluetooth so sound quality not importantWorth the £24.99 I paid


  What do you mean by I integration?Want it to give me Radio 2 but doesn’t


  Love this product. However my dog doesn’t. Whenever Alexa is on my dog shakes and trembles and experiences unnecessary trauma.Amazon is this a frequency issue? I have looked online and seems others have also experienced this and it’s been voiced for a couple of years yet no resolution. ??


  I was really excited about Alexa but sometimes it’s really annoying because I say something and she doesn’t understand or she does something completely different. I asked her to turn on the lights and she started to play music 


  Does not always play what I ask.


  It often doesn't register that it is been spoken to.


  Considering this is 3rd gen both consistently lose connection to the internet  whereas the 3 gen1 dots never drop the connection lots of complaints about this but as yet no fix other than power reset. Pleas get this fixed


  Does the job


  Ok but in my opinion  sound is very poor!


  Not a bad little  item . The sound  a little dodgy  when turned  up  playing music but I placed it on a beanie  hat and it sorted  out  the  sound  ...


  Watch when you purchase as they automatically charge for amazon music. I gave mine away then discovered I have been paying  for several months without authorising it


  Not sure, was a Christmas Gift for my Grandkids


  Worked OK at first but now it won't connect to Spotify or my Home hub


  overall ok particularly with music. however will not work with streaming bbc radio multi room or through paired units. reasons are not entirely clear so this is a limitation


  Great little device.  Just a shame it stopped working 2 months after its warranty ran out.


  It’s very hard to get started especially when you are an old man/woman and you have to learn a new skill to get started.very good for telling you the weather.


  have to practically be on top of it for it to hear what im saying! Not ideal and then plays a lot of things in welsh or Spanish for some reason!


  a very interesting companion to have


  Easy to install but all sport seem to be in American gone to settings but can’t change to uk


  Not always able to “wake” Alexa so was not as useful as I expected.


  Struggling to get it working at moment


  My son bought this for my birthday but didn’t realise you need to subscribe to amazon music.  I like the echo dot but not working to full potential as I have not subscribed to music.


  cool sound quality, music pool, fm tuner, smart qualities, effective and brings productivity to a new level but my personal feedback on design is it's lack of a backup power source as an inbuilt rechargeable battery or some sort for outdoor applications.


  It’s playing up already not sure why and you have to repeat a few times !


  Positive :Sound quality is fantastic for such a small speaker and easy to set up.Negative: The voice recognition is terrible to the point you end up shouting at Alexa. The Alexa on the Dot I have has an American voice not the same as the Echo?


  Weird answers or doesn’t answer question at all. Fighting with it on what playlist i want played.


  Having real problems getting her to recognize groups no matter how much I try


  Difficult to set up and to configure with othersNot enough guidance provided NOT EVERYONE IS A COMPUTER EXPERT!!


  This echo dot is annoying as the yellow and blue light flashes when i ask it to shut down i bought it for use in my bedroom so a problem have to disconect at night 


  Alexa is forgetful and often annoying


  Some times the sound goes strange poss slow connection but main thing is if the volume is past half you have to shout to activate so I end up having to press a button


  Extends music range room to room throughout the flat but  inconsistent and at times looses connection.


  Not bad but not as useful as I thought


  We listened to music on the dot. There is a fault with it today so am waiting for my daughter to call and look at it.


  The sound quality is just so so and voice recognition is not as expected


  Have not been able to play Radio Wales despite following various methods. Other music streams are good


  When asking something it doesn't make a recognition noise to let you know that it's working.


  Echo DOT will really test the reach of your broadband within your property.You should also know that it runs up to 90 seconds behind a regular DAB radio and behind live sports on Sky/BT digital TV. Nobody told me that this would happen.


  Will not respond to my wife's voice


  Too bassy. Needs crisper sound.


  Good speaker quality but very slow systems. Much slower than my old Google home mini.I would recommend buying when on offer.


  Not enough stuffs as they claims


  Does what it says on the tin


  I’m not too sure what to do with this gift


  Mines doesn't respond very well At all


  Love how small and compact this is. Creates nice sound but no good in larger rooms, echo and echo show handle the larger rooms.


  Disappointed to learn that you have to subscribe and pay a monthly fee to play music.  Google Home Mini will stream Spotify for no additional cost.


  It's ok. Fun to use. Alexa get things wrong sometimes but mostly a good little toy.


  Often doesn't understand longer qns. Not as good as a Google search on your phone!


  It deteriates over time so needs more quality long lastingness


  It’s marvellous for using as a radio , good for giving me alternative words when I’m doing my cryptic crosswords and handy for the weather forecast. I’ve completely given up trying to get it to download my music however - no success even using my granddaughter who’s much more tech savvy!!


  Love the product but I was under the impression it would pair with my Echo plus, I wanted to be able to speak to one product and you would hear my voice in the other, but it keeps saying not compatible 


  Its very easy to set up.Very expensive to buy bulb, switch etc.Kids love it.Its ok if want to become extra LAZY.


  Cannot understand our voice most times you need to keep repeating the same thing..


  This is the fourth echo dot I have got. The voice recognition sure not as good as previous generations.


  I loving being able to play music without have to touch my phone, however I really do not recommend getting this if your WiFi is bad or slow, my Alexa can sometimes take as long as 20 second so answer, sometimes there’s no answer. But the speaker as a whole it great :)


  Echo Dot delivers limited advice but good sound with standard Amazon music.


  Alexa may have vote Leaving because she dont like my french accent and make me repeat things. she is not a great speaker for playing music neither. must be improved


  Works well but sounds too basey at times.


  Temperamental when it comes to connecting to WiFI, all other devices don't have an issue. Great sound quality when it is connected.


  Alexa is ok at playing music, but quite often ,I am prompted to pay for Amazon music that I can get for free at other sources. I haven't tried the full range of functions yet, so I can't comment on those.


  Mostly great.....but when on radio voices 'lisp'. You have to reduce the treble to 0 (via the audio equalizer on phone app). Capability of speaker may too much for housing? Wish I had simply bought another Echo. That said.....dot is not bad... just could be better.


  Sound is rubbish compared to the bigger models


  To be fair I didn’t purchase this as I wasn’t that bothered but a family member bought it as a Christmas gift. So far I’ve only really used it for music and an alarm but I guess I’ll widen the use as time goes on .


  Great quality. But connectivity is a bit hot and miss. Was difficult to get this connected to my WiFi.


   earlier the product was nice and smooth , after 5, 6 months the bass became terrible !!! poor sound quality  . when it plays it making poor resonance sounds


  When I st this up although I thought I was getting a 3rd generation according to my alexa app I have 2nd generation?  So I am bit confused 


  Good sound quality, but only compatible with amazon music & Spotify streaming, so quite limited.


  Sound quality isn't great but it is small so wouldn't expect it to be awesome.


  Pretty rubbish if you’ve got a stutter and a Scottish accent. Literally the worst combination for any speech recognition device. I use it as a speaker for Spotify in the morning so 20 pound well spent


  Although small in size I expected the sound quality to be better.


  Speaker crackles, straight out of the box.


  Don’t like the American accent and also unable to sinc with my excising echo dot


  After using this DOT for around 6-months they sound has started to become distorted (like a blown speaker) periodically.After googling this, it seems that this is a known fault and the only fix is to cycle power on the Echo Dot and/or WiFi router.I have an Echo and this has never been problematical.


  It's a good product, only recognises one voice for now, haven't worked out how to recognise all of us. My kids love asking Alexa questions..but it can get very annoying, soni tend to switch Alexa of a lot during the day and night. To give us all a break.


  Doesant connect to samsung  4k smart tv


  The echo dot doesn’t seem to take instruction and I’ve tried many times to link my music. It accepts it and it works once then it decides that my phone isn’t linked.


  Turns my inaccessible lamp on and off.  Bit unpredictable at times.  Biggest issue for me is inability to access apple music and my large music collection so may need to think about further spending on amazon's products until it's fixed


  Fabulous sound much much better than the 2nd gen which we have in the living room.


  If you are buying this to streamMusic in multiple rooms  be aware you need to purchase additional music. That’s not covered under the £7:99


  I like the great sound quality that comes with the Echo Dot. It is always lightweight and very portable. I don’t like that Alexa is unaware of half the music that I want her to play even though she’s connected to my Apple Music, it only knows pop commercial music


  Speaker a bit feeble and have to rather shout out commands


  Item was fine but to play music throughout the house is a further expense that wasn't expected. No intention of paying the extra fee so does not really meet the requirements we wanted.


  Haven't used it much. It's a fun gadget but hardly essential


  Same as others except doesn't hear me say Alexa old one in another room further away always answers , however sound is a little better than old dot


  Well when I ask Alexa to switch off she doesn’t oblige got to switch at wall and a bit disappointed u don’t get all music unless u pay for it


  Love my Echo Dot apart from it not working with the free version of Spotify despite reading that this was now available. Turns out in the UK it only works with Spotify Premium but in all other countries it works with the free version - come on Amazon, where's your loyalties!!


  It can tell you basic stuff and play your music and that's about it. Ask her anything technical or something local in your area and you get 'I'm sorry I don't know that one'. Goggle knows more.


  It’s ok, not perfect, needs to learn English better, with practice it does what it needs to do


  Will play for 4 hours then randomly turn off. Sometimes would turn of after 30mins. Bit disappointed as this was a gift for someone else.


  Useful piece of kit and smart looking, however the sound drops off from time to to time and it’s not my Wifi.


  I bought it, I used it for a couple of days and now its unplugged


  Our second Alexa device was a disappointment as the voice on this one is American and prices for Amazon services given in dollars. Whilst still able to play favourite radio stations the providers are different to our echo.


  Good quality device and good sound.  It is fun for kids  but it is dangerously easy to buy unwanted items.


  She gets annoying quick. Having to say Alexa in front of every command is silly. And even when she suggests what she can do on her own, she literally can’t do it when you try. Glad it was a gift. Would be pissed if I spent money on it.


  It listens in on your private life, it can't find certain music you ask for. I joined amazon prime to listen to any kind of music but it was struggling with some music I asked for to play , not that happy with prime I think its a waste of money prime that is.


  Having already got an Echo we decided to get a second device and decided on a dot. Initially everything seemed okay but now when we request a song, Alexa says she is going to play the song we asked from Spotify but then plays a completely different song!!!!!! Useless


  Yet to try, when I get home. But having a Echo already should be alright for the kitchen.....


  I'm always disappointed it can't search things for me. Can't look up simple things. Though it was a gift that I didn't ask for we use it a lot to listen to music


  neither like nor dislike


  This was a present


  it's great for simple questions a d streaming music.  shame it's such a problem to link to my smart tv


  I’ve had this product as a Christmas gift  it’s very entertaining. music is great if you subscribe to amazon music 


  Not easy to use as tied up with amazon


  No brilliant takes a few times for Alexa to start up.


  The shower broke....funnily enough Amazon provides me with shower offers a few days later.  The echo was off but it picked it up.  It is quite nosey!Apart from that it is ok.


  As you would expect.  But tinny sound but was freebie so, hey, great


  It very helpfull till the update now the voce change is so horrid


  Knowing it’s not a music speaker, when it is playing music it becomes very hard to get Alexa to listen to your requests compared to higher end models of the same speaker


  Doesn’t find any album or artists as well as the series 1 or the google alternative but sound quality is better than the series 1, but I must say I’d go for the google one as over elk is better


  No bad but to much faf setting up


  It’s okay but keeps going on and off it’s a bit of a pain.


  I purchased the product for the sole purpose of having it play the music on my Deezer App. However, it does not interact well with my App and thus is of no use to me.


  I thought i would be able to have the basic music that i have for my other echo but have had to have the premium music which is £10 a month instead if £3-99


  My Alexa is never off from morning to bedtime, great sounds and I can listen to all my favourite songs from my playlists. The best thing friends have suggested buying. Definitely a large thumbs up from me. Highly recommended.


  Alexa doesn't always hear your answers when you play question of the day and says that you didn't answer or that you got it wrong.  Also needs work on basic information, can't answer questions like what is the recommended daily calcium allowance for an adult female.


  Don't buy this if you want to play music, the sound quality is appaling.


  I now have 2 units different generations and both operate differently some content will only be available on the newest one. Very frustrating 


  Doesn’t always recognise what you’re saying.


  could not conect my bluetooth sound base so that the echo dot would play in the kitchen and the sound base would play in the lounge when i conected the sound base by bluetooth the echo dot  did not play in the kitchen


  I'm not sure but I even paid for the unlimited amazon music and Alexa still doesnt recognize many songs ... someone please help if it's possible.


  Sound quality drops in and out after minimal use. Other than that it does what you imagine it would.


  Easy to set up but once I changed my wifi box everything went tits up !! Most things changed automatically once my phone was updated but not Alexa!!! Battled for 3 days but eventually got there.


  Had some trouble connecting to my BT router and stopped connecting to the internet after one week but exchanged with no problems once I found the right technical team.  all seems fine now.  Music particularly good


  Really useful item but when it says crystal clear sound it really isnt. Also gets some things spectacularly wrong  but generally understands what you say/ask. Really like being able to set reminders but sound quality could be improved.


  I am not keen on the American accent and pronunciation of English words.  I have two other devices and the voices on them are English, so why is this one different.  Was it intended for the American Market


  It’s ok, can’t make dinner though.


  Will not play BBC even though BBC Skills is enabled and full size echo in living room which is linked to  linked to the same account will play BBC. Just gives the " ummh something when wrong," or "do you mean ABC songs" or some irrelevant response about enabling video skills.


  Think the Echo Dot is better then this one... Sound quality is great for playing music tho.


  I love it. I just have no idea what it's for.


  I like how easy it is to connect it to my BOSE smart speaker but I dont think very much of the dots voice quality as it sounds muffled but it does understand me very well . All in all good value for money


  great for routine answers, but disapointed at having to pay up for subscriptions that will not get a lot of use  can be intrusive if too many options given to it.


  Needs to be programmed to access a lot of different 'skills'. Acents could be a problem.Alsi unable to find items related to my rugby league team, Oldham Roughyeds. (Oldham Rugby Football Club)


  it was brought for me as a christmas presents and i am very happy with it you can ask it anything you want can also program your contact from your mobile phone which handy for me because i am epileptic


  Only received this today cannot get it it to play music except radio stations not everybody has apple apps


  Very limited information


  As o changed my internet box recently the dot  has been upgraded and it is not the same.. its dose not hear very well!!I


  I'm NOT a technosuperbrain, so really I doubt if I'm getting the full potential from this piece of kit, I just use it to listen  to radio.


  Very good


  It runs slower in comparison to my last Alexa which is the smaller cheaper version.


  Not gonna lie I’m not impressed with this and don’t see the point but husband thinks it’s ok


  Enjoying using the Alexa echo dot , still so much to learn,  but so far so good. Like the regular update very helpful.


  Disobedient! Frequently plays something different, often if asked to play music by specific singer/band plays cover versions. So frustrating, just turn it off.


  Use to hear weather and music ectopic.


  Ok for the price sound quality is not great


  Not used it properly yet


  Crap American accent


  It is a great little device, only issues I had was connection to wifi, moved it 2 feet closer and works fine and sometimes speaking to the thing and it says 'mmm i dont know that one' meaning its not really picking up what you say.


  I have found the Echo Dot 3rd Generation has poor sound quality when listening to radio station BBC 4Xtra and BBC Five live which sound superior on my Echo Dot 2nd Generation and I would swap it for a 2nd Generation at the drop of a hat.


  Its alright works well not sure I'm happy with it listening to me all the time. I'm sure it does lots more useful stuff than I'm using it for right now


  Good little device. Sound is OK for its size.


  Works fine but makes strange noises now and then even when muted


  The sound quality for music isn’t great.There are far better wireless speakers on the market.I also had trouble adding my Apple Music account to the speaker. Fixed after a few phone calls but none the less a bit disappointed


  I think it’s a little of a false advertising as it says about Alexa doing this that and the other but you have to pay more money for everything else what you what which they don’t tell you that when advertising it.!!


  Even after changing everything on the app to English, parts of the app are in German. I cant change it. I have gotten in contact with Amazon 3 times already and they pass in the email to 'someone who can help' but none responds. Getting frustrated now


  Liked all easy to use


  Its ok for me


  Part of gift package


  I've asked it a few things and it said sorry I dont know that, but when I ask my phone it's there straight away, bit disappointed for the cost I paid although the music quality is very good


  Quite good but bloody annoying at times......


  Wish I would have purchased the bigger one, not as good sound quality as I e heard in others


  Not all that to be honest. Only used it for a day. Just a novelty


  I found it very hard to set up a friend also ordered one but also found it hard to set up and returned it


  What should be easy seem more difficult or not possible


  I've loved all my amazon Alexa's apart from this one. It struggles to hear me and wont switch off the alarm in the morning


  I did not find the instructions on how to set up Alexa easy


  The sound quality has let this product down in my opinion. The speaker crackles  most of the time so I can't realy enjoy listening to music whilst pottering about. Other than that it works really well and the voice recognition is great.


  Seems to not know some things


  Like model but voice recogintion bit slow


  Very poor with directions and or places. Doesn't even know where Silverstone is or how to get there.


  I love my Alexa but after 4 months of having it, the Alexa voice recognition does not work properly. I have to scream at the top of my voice to try and get her to hear me but it still doesn’t. Very disappointed.


  I have a bluetooth hand free in my van since I have put the app on my phone it has stopped my hands free driving aid from working so is it one or the other?


  Need to go close or shout loud for Alexa to listen our commands. And most of the time Alexa says I don’t know.Sometimes switch off automatically, we then need to remove the plug and restart.


  I am happy with the quality of speaker but disappointed that I cannot use my amazon music on it without upgrading I only want to play music on one device at a time so it seems unfair that I need to increase my costs!


  Great itemDownside you have 2 purchase amazon music to play specific songs


  Works ok


  Can't connect to amazon prime music, why?


  IT WORKS


  The concept is brilliant but half the features don’t work unless the whole world is on amazon Alexa. The calling feature only works if the other person owns an Alexa or has the Alexa app so that’s pointless atm.You have to be precise with your request.


  For some reason I have to reboot it two or times a week.


  Works good but gets confused with locations and bulb names. Not that intuitive.


  Struggles to understand a Scottish accent and some times ignores a Yorkshire accent to


  It's okay!


  sometimes Alexa doesn’t seem to hear or gives completely irrelevant info to what you asked. My son likes it for music and weather and it was pretty cheap.


  Quite difficult to set up, need the app


  No battery.


  Can be frustrating and app can also be a bit slow too!


  Absolutely nothing


  To Bassey voice and Music hard to load any thing apart from Amazon music ,but @£29 not to much wasted .


  Not my cup of tea. Had to sign up to amazon prime to use it.


  Bought for 12 yr old


  It’s ok,  nothing special.  Lots of features


  Very temperamental ! But she plays decent music . Ok for the money but wouldn’t recommend highly


  Not very good sound


  Not yet got into everything it can do


  Exellent bit of kit, even have one in my sons bedroom, so I never have to shout up the stairs anymore


  I have to repeat myself to alexia sometimesBefore it gets what I’m on aboutPlus when I ask it something it goes dead on me and I have to wait a few minutes before I get an answer


  Does what it is meant too. Only issue is that the courier left the product on doorstep for the world to see. There was a cupboard they could have used, if they tried, next to where the package was placed.


  Struggles to give answers, very Americanized.


  Olay


  Better sound than gen 2, but far too bass heavy.  It's no good for music and wearisome for speech listening.  On the plus side, the mics are better at understanding commands.


  It was great until I started having this reoccurring issue of the sound being muffled


  the device works as intended but the speaker quality is a big let-down. the google home mini is much better quality.


  We have the first one you brought out and our son bought us the new echo Dot but he and us didn’t know that you have to pay for two amazon music charges one each he’s not happy and nether are we why you can’t use them together I don’t understand. So we carn’t listen to music in the rooms we like not very happy.


  I was exited to get my Alexa.  Works well controlling lights but...It does not work with Spotify.  Many many complaints about this!  Needs to be fixed.


  Son loves it


  It is a very good overall product. However, its comparability with spotify needs work. You can not pick a specific song on spotify or not to my knowledge anyway therefore I have given it a 3 star rating.


  Google has many languages, Alexa read only English news, I could listen to news from Poland, Ukrainian and other. I can't listen to other radio station from the internet. I can't listen to ebook another only kindle.  For me gadged is ok. Many smart home skills is ok, but this is like the Apple - only this their amazon accepted.


  Sometimes understands Scottish accents but works most of the time


  Got a mind of its own sometimes it works other times it ignores you better talking to yourself


  Good


  Very well written, unusual story.


  It's ok for playing music and telling me the weather. Not great sound quality music wise. Don't use it very often. It was bought for me as a present.


  Ok so far


  Music, ok if you have prime. Fun for silly  questions.  Not so smart for more serious questions.


  I depend on my echo for morning alarm calls but when I try to ask it to do that it more often than not tells me "I am experiencing problems accessing the internet." which means I have to resort to my old reliable alarm clock!


  Cool, but only get the full use out of it, if you've got accounts through amazon for everything. I.e only play music through amazon or Spotify, not Google play. Which I guess is the point, they want you using their services. Buy one of these type of things based on accounts you have that'll work with the device


  Good speaker, only disappointment  is the dot needs to plugged in all the time so it's not portable.  If I knew this before I made my rush purchase I wouldn't have brought it.


  It,s ok as a gimmick for while.Cannot play BBC radio for some reason. Very formulaic in its choice of music.Bought as a present by so perhaps I should,not complain too much.


  I just use for the radio nothing more so ok I guess


  Impossible to play songs off Apple Music without voice.


  Sadly stopped working. Great gimmic but used more as a speaker for music rather than the Alexa feature


  I thought the sound was quite quiet but we might not have had it turned up. The variety of music was limited until we bought the extra music package from Amazon.


  I am getting used to the device although frankly I find her to be condescending


  Happy with this at time when she want to work 


  Its Alexa, shes no Google!


  Not a purchase - a gift. Not really my thing.


  Great but of ki


  Does not recognise everything


  Added this to my generation 1 model, the voice recognition on this is no where as good as the hen 1 :( everything I’ve read suggests it should be better, on the plus side the speaker is much better


  It doesn't know many of the questions I ask it


  You have to be very specific, how you ask Alexa questions, she can be very contrary and you can end up yelling a lot to get your request!


  Did not realise I had to pay for each Alexa item to connect to music, so may not use it.  You should make that clear.  If I had known I would not have bothered ordering one


  frequently stops working


  Im glad I got this for free otherwise Id be really disgruntled if I'd have had to pay for it


  I have to turn it off when not in use because of the constant crackle. You cant hear it when music is playing but it is a very  annoying noise when nothing is playing through it


  Clever and accurate voice recognition. Connects to some other devices easily (Hive) but not with others (Sonos). Which is disappointing.


  Not close to the full version in response and sound


  Doesnt always work correctly .Sound quality could be slightly betterBut good value for money


  Some mornings Alex fails to respond we get fed up trying to set alarms or asking her to turn the light off, she lights up but  fails to respond . I guess Alex is not a morning gal, the rest of the day she is great.


  Bought this as a second device to put in my child's room. Very disappointed to see that I cannot control it remotely and it has no child features available. Very poor implementation of household activities.


  It's a pain when you have to keep reinstalling the app on your phone and connect the echo dot


  I received this product today and eventually I have managed to connect Spotify. It is not easy to connect as Alexa wants to use Amazon Music. Very fiddly.


  First day using the dot 3rd it was ok with the app a bit confusing but the next day the sound was distorted fuzzy crackly sound then it goes then it comes back it seems to happen when it’s off for a certain amount of time


  It’s alright, sounds not as overpowering as most speakers.


  Still getting used to using it. But so far so good. Nice to talk to someone who does what you want them to do with back chat! 


  Recognition  is occasionally poor, I ask for a radio station (one which has been played before)  does not recognize it, ask again and it plays. Occasionally stops playing for no reason.


  Speaker started making funny noises . Wire appears faulty . Otherwise it’s great .


  A pitty that you can’t change woke word To anything you want.  Sometimes I have to Rephrase my question.and a pity that it doesn’t support Netflix or German audible


  There is little bass


  Our original echo and our echo show 5 are much better than this and our echo dot 1 at recognizing what we are asking for and taking commands to play in groups.


  Great product but expensive


  My 3rd but disappointed it doesn't fit in my previous holder


  Has limited use unless extra money paid.


  Thinks I've asked, she doesn't know and I don't know how to improve the item. Using just for simple stuff and as radio. Better to but google one then you can make calls to everyone


  It’s quite good, not outstanding but does the job pretty well. Think I might upgrade quite soon.


  Unfortunately the sound becomes distorted, it fails to do what you ask it to on a regular basis.


  Alexa can play music and hears you say her name but I have to repeat myself three or four times to get the result I want and she can't answer alot of my questions .An expensive music player


  What I dislike most is that when you play a game and give the correct answer it does not always pick up the correct answer of what you said. Found this very annoying as it happens often.


  brilliant idea but distorts too muchbut still good value for price


  To play music from my phone


  I like that Alexa is very responsive and answers you fairly quickly. What I don’t like is that voice recognition doesn’t pick up foreign accents, but does a grand job on british accents, i.e scottish, english accents nevertheless.


  Skills limited; strange that it can turn off tv at times but never turn it on. Knowledge very limited but music and sound good.


  Fair to middling


  Very good at answering trivia but if you need something like your favourite music,you have to pay.Good voice & sound though.


  As a blind user, it took me a matter of minutes to set up. It is very easy to use, and as yet I have had no problems with it.


  Good product


  Expected alot more from the echo dot


  I am using this to assist my elderly mother who has poor vision. The main problem she is having with it that Alexa speaks too quickly for her. It would be so much easier for her if the speech could be slowed down.


  Not very good on voice recognition, sound quality is average, ok for taking away on holidays, I ended up purchasing the 3 x Echo's for the home.


  Struggles with some voices. Husband's commands understood always. Mine 50/50. I struggle to get her to change books on Audible. OK if keeping going on same book  but to ask for a different book can take me 6-8 attempts.


  Took 5 hrs of my birthday, I return to store and 2 different calls to Amazon to establish that BT home hub blocks echos and has to have security disabled before echo can set up. You did ask!


  The echo dot was a Christmas gift for my granddaughter she loved it, she is 10 years old


  Wish it linked to iPhone and didn't require the purchasing of apps to run it.  Have enough music without having to buy access to more.Link to Apple Music seems flawed, or difficult to install.


  I brought it with a wall bracket so the echo is on its side but if it is playing music and you ask it to stop you have to be right on top of it before it recognises the command.


  Does often not respond to ALEXA command, end up shouting - very frustrating. I thought the additional microphones would be an improvement - NOT THE CASE !


  look its cheap so do not expect the world with it - speech recognition at times is dubious and output sound  I think could be much better


  This product was a great addition to the home but lately the sound is a bit distorted  its cracking when ever Alexa speaks back or music is playing  but the sound is not even up loud  worries this wont last me long


  Doesnt understand what im saying


  Happy thanks


  Often misunderstands me. The search feature for Amazon music is poor. I tend to use it as a Bluetooth speaker rather than a smart speaker


  Not being a techie I  did have difficulty setting this up. I asked a friend much younger than myself , he also found it difficult. There is not enough information provided for setting up.


  Disappointed that I can't connect to windows 10. There's a skill for it in the States but not in the UK.  Why? I do not know.


  As expected.


  Is not great with a scottish accent


  Its fine


  The novelty wore of pretty quickly with this one. Should have just bought a basic Bluetooth speaker cause I'm sick of her tone and terrible listening skills.


  Dose not always do what I ask and have to pay amazon prime for music


  Keeps turning on


  like


  I have two of the echo dot and my biggest annoying problem with them is that every song that is played is at a different volume. I have to keep adjusting the volume every time a different song comes on.


  Verbal responses are good, however, the sound quality has Very strong bass tones and graphic equalizer has limited adjustment for such heavy base.


  Alexa doesnt always listen or hear when i ask her to do things which is annoying. Speaker is great.Not sure if its the newcastle accent she struggles with


  Good value for money


  It’s ok for bedroom but to be honest I wish I just got the normal echo


  A bit disappointed, my 2nd generation echo dot (which is now in the bedroom) is quicker to respond and the  new one has too much bass, even with the bass control  at -4.  I much prefer the old one.


  Bought for a neighbour, who struggled getting it set up because her phone wasn't eligible for the alexa app.


  Just average


  Doesnt understand me but i do have a thick accent


  Still testing


  Didn’t find it easy to set up. Alexa missed last part of some of the conversation so had to make up what we thought was said, apart from that it’s good and kids love it


  sameThe same as all dots and it works just fine


  Very pleased apart from the sound not as good as thought but nice piece of kit


  Doesn’t always do what u want very sporadic


  It ok, limited on what you can use on this item. If your not a prim member not much use.


  We cant get it working, a few of us has tried. It says theres a blockage on our internet line stopping the signal getting through and we dont know how to bypass it. So its still in its box, never been used.


  Doesn’t really no much that you ask it google make a lot better product


  Doesnt pick up my voice very well.


  Everything is good but I found that there's actually no use for it. Going on your phone and searching things up is a lot faster.


  after a while the sound goes fuzzy


  I do not have anything bad to say about the DOT, but having also purchased an ECHO SHOW 5, I would recommend paying double and getting a SHOW. Far more versatile and practical. Use your DOT as a remote.


  I like the sound quality but the interaction only works 80% of the time.


  Easy to use.


  It connects great to phone to play music but you can't take out with you because as soon as you unplug the power it turns off


  Not as good as i thought it was going to be, may I have not set it up correctly.


  Sometimes the echo shuts down for some reason so I have to unplug it and plug it back in, i don’t know why it happens as I use it often and that’s when it just shuts down. But I’m general it’s a great and easy product.


  I have a lisp so was rubbish , gave it to my nephew !


  Love this little thing doesn’t take upMuch room and you can evenHave a laugh with it


  When playing on full volume need to either shout or go too close for Alexa to listen


  Listening to music and asking questions


  When asked to play Smooth Radio, it plays an alternative. as it does not support smooth from its Global player where as my two Alexa,s do.


  It's OK just not as good soundwise  as it's big sister!


  Pleased with the sound quality but VERY disappointed that we can’t link our Spotify account via Alexa.


  Sound quality and voice recognition are OK, but not great. Would be nice if you could change the voice more!


  Still can’t connect it although I tried YouTube


  I asked it about Bicester Oxfordshire it told me about Bicester USA


  Dot can find my Toshiba TV and have loaded Toshiba app. But dot tells me I need to register with Harmon y from logitech.


  I can’t get Scottish news or local radio station When asking for Scottish news I always get sky sports There is a large number of songs Alexa hasn’t heard off When asking info re a Scottish premier team I always get English football info


  Lovely little  Device  ,Sound quality good  , easy portable and to set up


  She doesnt seem to know much, ask her a question and she says she doesnt know lol. Speakers have intermittent crackling, sound is tinny also.


  I like the fact she can play music and answer some questionsI don’t like the fact that some of the questions google can answer she can’t? I thought her answers came from google anyway 


  Great voice recognition. Sounds good for the price but nothing to write home about. Was under the impression this could be battery operated but turns out not the case.


  Not sure if it’s a faulty one or not but had a few issues with it dropping out of a quiz and when loud can sound a bit distorted.


  It’s ok but not life changing


  Loses internet. Happened a few times. Can be useful  but possibly I have not used it to full extent. Time will tell


  It’s an amazing personal assistant, but as a speaker it’s not fantastic, as you can’t just play a playlist through it, I found that Alexa couldn’t find most of my playlists and then would only shuffle three songs off of them when I asked to shuffle.


  You need to shout to her her attention. Other than that it’s not to bad. Sound is ok but far behind her bigger sister.


  I use this product mainly to keep in touch with my husband in another room as he is disabled. I also use it as an alarm call


  It's ok,  to start off.


  I disliked how long it took to set up as it was the second one in this house, also don't like how I already pay for amazon music unlimited but can't use it on 2nd echo unless I pay much more money.


  Alexa voice integration is really slow sometimes it doesn’t even get what am saying and also it kept saying “at this time am having difficult learning your voice “ when I say Alexa learn my voice but overall it has been lovely.


  The speaker vibrates


  Does not do as much I expected


  I don't like that we have to purchase up to date music. I thought once you purchased the item you would get everything but once again you get nothing and half the time Alexa does not do what you aaj.


  Not much better than the original one, IMO. Doesn't seem to pick up voices as well, and  there's an annoying, audible hiss from it, when the house is quiet.


  Doesn’t have an updated Apple Music library. If this could refresh and update that, that would be an improvement.Bit slow on the voice recognition, and in following commands.However, sound quality is good


  I keep having to unplug it to reset it as the wake up word doesn't work. When this happened the music I am playing at the time intermittently mutes


  Has alot of language you can change to but don't understand polish languages which is really upsetting as my partner is polish and would like to able to talk to Alexa in polish


  Poor voice recognition but ok forBasics


  Sound is a bit muffled


  Okay but sound quality not very good and Imtegration with Spotify could be better. Works well with simple things like playing radio etc.


  Keeps needing to be reset but hopefully this will settle down!


  This is my second of these units I've boughtDon't think it is the same quality as the first one


  Product is good but there was problems with delivery.


  Sounds quality is great and it's small and looks good but to play music on demand ie Alexa, play..... you need Amazon Prime/Amazon music.  You also need a Spotify premium account to do this.


  I’m suddenly having trouble that Alexa can not learn my voice and it randomly starts talking when nobody is within the room, along with loud beeping noises.


  I bought this as my sister has one which I tried when I visited her. I have no radio reception in the flat I live in so this is great and I love the colour.


  Definitely not as good as the Echo. Doesn’t always pick up my voice commands. Had problems streaming talkSPORT for a while. But as this Dot was on offer when I bought it it was a good price.


  Ok


  Dissapointed it's not rechargeable.......but apart from that it's great for music...news weather....instant info


  Not worth the money for me


  All nice and good except for the power supply - NOT USB - like the rest of the world??!! So restricted to Amazon power supply and long usightly cable - really bad thinking


  Not used much as yet but seems to be quite useful


  Took a ridiculous amount of time to set up.


  Very muffled sound compared to older model


  I didn’t like the way automatic link to amazon prime


  As a total novice to this technology I would have liked to see some instructions with it. I don't have the time to sit for hours learning by trial and error


  Good product for price


  I bought two of these, one is great and works well, the other has an annoying American voice and wont play BBC Radio stations, maybe it was meant for the American market?


  Alexa returned as not what my daughter thought it was gonna be, didn’t realise had to subscribe to £3.99 per month for music as could n wouldn’t connect to Spotify account 


  Doesnt enjoy responding to wake up commands unless you shout, even in quieter environments, I own two in two very different settings and it seems this one is just angry


  If you use it with a plug as well then don't expect anything to work for about 15mins afterwards.... Voice works most of the time but as always never when you want it to. Eg setting a timer or turning off an alarm!!!!


  It is good as an individual unit, but when u pair it with it with the echo you realise that the sound quality isnt that great. I got 2 echos and 2 dots and the dots make my music sound tinny. Will pay extra money next time round for the echo!


  I like the look and it does what it should.  I don’t like the American accent of this one - our others have an English accent, which I prefer as we’re based in the UK!


  Kinda a waste of money, I should’ve bought an ordinary speaker. Shes so unresponsive sometimes and on occasions just refuses to connect to spotify over and over. Always have to unplug it.


  I listen to music and play games on it


  Was a xmas present, not overly impressed with it, only keep it plugged in when I need somethingAbsolutely do not trust Amazon with keeping data&info confidential


  Easy to set up even with little tech know howPlenty of back up from Amazon smart compact


  We all love Alexa! Brilliant for the kids streaming music , helping with home work, story time and her daily facts....on this day


  Sounds is okay. Would be more useful if it had a rechargeable (cordless) option.


  It doesnt understand a lot of questions


  Alexa has trouble identifying classical music genresCertain classical Spanish guitar and Beethoven's 6th Symphony in particularVery disappointed with thisApart from that, Alexa is very useful for general knowledge queries


  I'm wondering how I managed without this amazing device. I love playing question of the day. I also play music from it all the time. I love it.


  Didn't receive the email giving instructions to activate free music unlimited for 90 days.


  I cannot use Alexa to play the music stored on my phone.


  I like the gadget but there wasn't any instructions on how to connect to any other devices,I know it's on the Alexa app but it doesn't give you much help,instructions would be a great help.x


  I like the size and style. Very easy to set up and use, Good, clear sound. I have unplugged it for a week and didn’t miss it.


  Wanted a second Alexa for use in the kitchen. Functions OK, but the sound quality is nowhere near as good as the Alexa echo we have


  If you have this on full volume the voice recognition isn't v good.


  Limited use, can't get the station I want. Volume not great.


  its OK, not fantastic. Needs an external speaker ideally as its pretty muffled. Speech recognition not great but I am sure it will improve as the tech gets better.


  We didn't like the American accent and she wasn't as good as our other Alexas in recognising our accent. Good sound reproduction though.


  Sound is good for a small speaker.


  But what I call simple questions cannot be answered - I would say 50% hit rate


  All good, sound not so good. Should’ve expected this from such a small device.


  thought it would be useful but it creates more work


  Voice recognition is bit crap at times. Literally have to get close to get it to work.


  I like the sound quality - spoken word and music both sound good. However, I didn’t find that Alexa understands what I am saying particularly well, which can be quite frustrating. But, will wait and see if it improves.


  What I like: size, speaker quite loud, great design, easy to setup.What I dislike: sometime the voice recognition doesn’t work and I have to recall again “Alexa”. Also the sound quality is not so great and appears a bit  muffled / not 100% clear. especially when Alexa speaks.


  It's OK and worth buying in the sale at half the normal price, but not worth the normal price! Sound was better than I expected.


  Has trouble understanding some commands but otherwise it is good. I'm still learning all it can do


  Any app you want use you have to buy even music ones


  Its good plays songs remunders all great ..not sure how it learns .if i ask a questionan alexa doesnt know ..how does it begin to learn and know these things lol


  just set up and still expoloring the many capabilities.brilliant for reminders, news summary, getting music, potential for so much more as you learn more you will use more


  Its great


  I use it in bed room for weather and l dress accordingly


  Bought this at Christmas and probably used it a couple of times in fact forgot it was there at all .A novelty item which soon wears off


  Ive found i have very little use for this the occasional play a song only at my age 70 its a bit of a gimmick


  I love having Alexa, however, recently it has begun randomly playing music, not responding and glitching.


  Not a lot either way


  It’s not great at picking up voices, often brings up something different from search results from what have been asked for in Amazon Music. Glad I didn’t pay full price.


  Bought as speaker for extra room. Product itseld is great value but Alexa multiroom stopped working when needed on Boxing Day.


  Too much bass and not enough adjustment.


  Not as good as hoped for


  The other day out of nowhere the voice changed to American accent. Then I was listening to music, that was interrupted by a foreign voice having a telephone call.Not 100% sure that it right.


  picks up voice maybe every 3rd time of screamingStruggles especially when playing music and the quality of sound isn't amazing


  Love this. Mostly use for music. Sound is great, voice recognition works really well.Never used anything like this before but would definitely recommend


  It's good for music but when playing the games on it, it stops half way through


  Disappointed with ability to answer questions lots of instances when dot didn't know asked the same to Google assistant which was able to answer


  Sadly I can’t get it to work....might be me


  It was bought for my daughter's birthday


  Personalisation of Alexa is near impossible. She is very limited in regards to google home and I have since decided to sell her and go back to Google home


  I love it I play radio stations ask loads of questions.  Set alarms and loads of music.  Weather info and daily horoscopes for fun.  Love it


  Alexa seems to have a speech impediment, namely, a sever lisp along with a crackely chest


  It's okay but didn't realise you have to pay a monthly subscription fee to get songs you actually want to listen to.


  Not as good as google home. The 3.5 jack plug is a bonus Alexa gets lots of things wrong and fails to understand what I’m saying. Google home wins


  The American accent on this Alexa means that she sometimes picks the wrong meaning for words. For some reason it repeats songs etc for no reason - my gen2’s don’t do it


  Great speaker. Very small yet great sound. Alexa,s so funny. Ask her a question she says she doesn't understand then ask the same question until the tech guys program an answer. Such fun!


  It aight but after a few weeks it starts to not listen to u and it starts being a bit of a crack head so yh just bear that in mind init but it's good I guess.


  Not as good as Google home. Doesn't understand questions the same, gives random answers and insists on going through 5 languages when you plug it in.


  The Alexa voice has too much 'depth' compared with Echo 2 version. Hence it is indistinct when talking.


  You have to have it close by , otherwise you find you self shouting. otherwise the echo plus is alot better


  Actual equipment is OK, but the instructions for set-up need more information to help you, especially if you are not very technically minded. The app could do with upgrading as well


  Confusing when connecting third party apps,,,


  Words recognition is fair to poor. Have to repeat many times and alexa will just respond I dont know that. Couldn’t find my playlist in spotify smoothly. In terms of controlling your home, great.


  Had it for a month or so, sound quality ok for it's size, has now gone muffled like the speakers are broken or not working correctly. Bought on a cheap deal so will go in the bin.


  Great for playing music or getting info off Wikipedia, but Alexa insists we are in Lancashire although we live in the north west of Scotland!


  Never have anything much to ask Alexa. What l do ask it doesn’t know


  Announcements everywhere saying that you can now change the speed but this function does not work


  Sadly I find this item keeps turning itself off - sometimes it can be persuaded to start again. Sometimes it can't.


  Poor instructions for use and when asking Alexa to play certain radio stations it plays others even foreign ones!! Not too straightforward for "oldies" to master.


  We're enjoying specially my daughter.


  Disappointed Very dull sounding it didn't answer to voice had to press button


  Think you let folk know that even if you own a smart TV unless prime app is on browser page on TV you will also need a firesttick Well that is what am Amazon JH as told me


  Hope this helps others: Playing Apple Music didn’t work “Alexa needs a software update”, until I also connected my Apple ID in order to use calendars on Alexa (ie in addition to connecting my Apple Music account).


  Does what all alexas do but the small speaker gives a tinny sound.


  Keeps cutting out and goes funny but if unplugged and put back on it's ok for about 4 days


  It did not play all of my requests had a lot of trouble setting it up it was only playing excerps of music... doesn’t have a lot of what is requested


  I love it?


  Have only used it for radio so far, but it was easy to initialise and set up.


  Like the ease of getting music and radio stations.Did not like Alexia saying I don’t know that one.


  Alexa struggles a bit with the geordie accent. I'm still learning about alexa.


  Its an xmas present but we set it up ready . Was pleasantly surprised at how loud and clear the dot is . .


  I was under the impression that all 3rd generation Echo Dot devices had an illuminated clock, mine did not, apart from that I am happy with the device


  Select radio. Turn on lamp. Occasional chat. An amusing companion.


  Falls massively short of Google ..can't understand basic tasks .. but u get what u pay for I suppose


  This product is awesome for knowlage and if you’re bored!The quality of music it plays is also astonishing


  The speaker is very muffled and tinny at every different volume selection. Very very poor compared to thr standard sized echo


  -


  Asked "What is a Hashtag?". Answer "I don't know".  HUH!!!!!


  It’s ok


  This device does very little other than answer questions and turn on the radio unless you are prepared to subscribe to services.


  Problems with voice recognition and ability to recognise commands


  Play music only as alexa doesnt seem happy about answering questions? She often just replies with im sorry please refer to handbook? Maybe we havnt got the hang of it?!


  Not with


  It struggles listening properly to instruction correctly sound is great needs to get a sense of  Humour It interact like SIRI does and comes back at you with whit !


  Mislead to believe it comes with digital clock display


  although this is a good gadget to have, but there's not much you can really do with it, other than turning on Spotify..


  Alexas voice muffled. Dose not always play what's requested.


  Originally set up with an annoying American accent and it did not recognise BBC radio channels despite our existing Echo being able to play BBC radio.


  Not as good as I thought


  A good product good saying for a small product but it be nice to add an additional speaker to it


  Don’t like how much bigger they are than the 2 nd gen nor do I like the sound quality even after tweaking the sound with the controls. I’d rather still have the 2nd gen model


  Unfortunately you can't ask Alexa to play Despacito without her starting a 2 minute long sales pitch for Amazon music. Deceptive marketing


  Disappointed that I am unable to create a playlist.


  I have my echo in my bedroom I am still trying to get to grips with it, like how to set up routines everything I have tried as been unsuccessful


  Great and all however, when listening to a station for around 40 minutes it goes fuzzy like the speakers are not good enough ( this happens when on vol 5 ) ...


  An add on to my other Alexa items


  This was a Xmas gift. It is very good for the price and works well. However the sound quality is not brilliant as it only has one small speaker.


  Bought by mistake and returned so I can not comment.


  Not compatible with most apps I use.I thought I could connect my YouTube account however it is not possible yet.


  Easy to use. Covers a good variety of radio stations


  Not bad, bit of a job trying to link three together with Spotify. Sometimes gives results that you’ve not even asked about. Worth it at half price but not the full price.


  quite difficult to connect tp other speakers via bluetooth. After first day no signs of life at all but the all of a sudden for no reason Alexa sprang into life.... no idea!!!!


  The new dot is bigger so for that they have be able to get better sound quality from it but it still £50 so I would say for someone that is thinking of buying a dot get the 2nd gen as you can always Bluetooth the dot to a hifi system and it would save you £10


  Good device but limited free services.


  I did not like I could not get amazon music with out paying  another 3.99 very disappointed would not have bought if I new


  Need to add more data, and because of my age generation dont know how.


  First Alexa worked well for 2 days then she wouldn’t adjust the volume. Returned it, second Alexa, the sound became distorted after 4 days. Returning it tomorrow. ☹️


  What I dont like is unless I subscribe to amazon music it wont always play what I ask for going to try google mini instead


  Issues with syncing!


  A NUMBER OF FEATURE DID NOT WORK WHEN REQUESTED, ALEXA STATATEDUNABLE TO PERFORM THAT ACTION, PLEASE TRY LATER? THE APP IS NOT AS GOOD AS SPOTIFY.


  Works well but, when used as a second unit, you need to buy Amazon Music again to play tunes on this.Amazon are ripping us off 


  The changes of Alexa hearing you from outside the room it's located in is close to nothing compared to the Google home


  Handy gadget needs a bit of polishing in the software and picking up what you’re saying department but a good item nonetheless


  If volume is over half way starts to break up and sounds very distorted unhappy with it really not has good as Echo I’ve got. In summer house as a back up.


  I used it to play sleep sounds for me but then said it couldn't find them or said it was going to but then didn't so had to keep asking then eventually it worked.


  Love this and so easy to installGreay


  Easy to set up ,excellent sound quality ,neat and small enough to just blend into any room.The biggest fault with her is her lack of knowledge when asked some questions


  I don’t like the way Alexa repeats everything you have asked to be done while fulfilling the request very irritating.


  The speaker seems to intermittently have issues where the sound becomes fuzzy and unclear. Turning it off and on again seems to do the trick, but annoying that is isn’t perfect given the price.


  wont conect to spotify without phone eaven though i linked it to my account. would have been beter off with a blue tooth speaker


  not as good as i thought.


  Used Google and now alexa, alexa unable to process longer requests but great for standard stuff


  Keeps going slightly ga ga when trying to play games and switching itself off


  Doesn't Like cornish people, randomly starts replying to me with cat meows and is hard to actually launch functions sometimes. Poor sound quality, sounds blown sometimes, fine the next...?


  Like the Idea of voice control, perfect start, add to technology


  It took ages to set up, then kept loosing connection, it would be a much simpler set up if it had a connectivity button on it that you can use to link it to your wifi.


  I didn't like I have to pay for spotify would not of ordered had I known


  Sound come a bit heavy and thick. It doesn't recognize or how to give tube trains updates .


  It’s an American alexia who doesn’t understand you, and whatever you ask finds something completely different, ie play kiss radio, alexia says sorry I can not find any songs kiss radio shall I play this instead and plays something random


  IT work ok for 2days after that when I put radio on it talk in foreign I try to get it back to English with no luck not very impressed with it.


  Good product but since I use it mostly for music it's sometimes irritating the fact it keeps prompting me to buy the song from Amazon Music instead of automatically using my Spotify account. Something that Google Home speaker doesn’t do.


  Unfortunately my docs are google or microsoft and cannot integrate.Other than that good voice recognition and nice little speaker.


  Doesn’t seem to be able to do what you think it should with Spotify, other than that seems good. Does disconnect from the internet every now and then


  The sound quality is appalling if you like your music loud and I have to repeat myself a lot. The Echo is much better and worth the extra cost.


  When I purchased the echo dot I thought you would be able to play any music you want but it turns out you need a premium Spotify or amazon music account to play stuff


  Radio is very useful because dab doesn't give you radio stations that have poor reception.


  Speaker crackles when song has high bass.  Am considering taking it back to replace with full size echo.  Hopefully retailer will accept it back.  Extra £40 will be worth it hopefully


  Does not always understand request when asking for radio stations on tune in too American based for uk usage


  Within 48 hours of installation, Alexa stopped responding to STOP command. Declared it was incompatible with Spotify, so I had to open an Amozon Music Account, and would only play one music track at a time.


  Purchased for xmas present, recipient really happy with it, easy to follow instructions to set up.


  Had the product bought for me as a birthday present. I personally wouldn’t have bought one


  Bought as a second dot for upstairs.  Would be great except I can't seem to get it to work.


  Integrates well with another Bluetooth speaker


  Alexa is a good product but I do feel that when it then starts talking for no specific reason is highly annoying. It also sometimes cuts out if you are listening to music ect.


  Not as great as I thought it would be. It freezes a lot it just cuts off. Also was disappointed that I couldn’t use the Santa tracker for my children Christmas Eve.


  Sometimes doesn't do what's asked, or  cant answer the question, sometimes it just turns it's self off


  Integration with other smart devices like Fire TV, mobile etc not working properly.


  A pain to set up ,cannot get it to link to smart plugs .


  Poor selection without subscribing to amazon


  Not sure what it brought to my lifestyle


  She don’t listen all the time and she can’t hear you over her own alarm. Great when you in bed tho because you don’t have to do anything.


  I’m sure Alexa is deaf! Sometimes doesn’t respond have to repeat and sometimes shout ‘ Alexa stop!!’


  Absolutely gutted as I ordered this for my daughter and this is how it was delivered. Trying to get a new one replaced as it sounds rattle when shock.


  the app on Android is so slow. It does not properly integrate with Apple Music and Fire TV.


  Bought this for the bedroom, music sound is really good, but it's not very good at voice recognition picks up the wrong word and cuts out


  great device, the sound is very clear, only issue is the volume for connected devices like Ring Door bell, and calls via the device are not clear


  Sound quality very poor.


  Handy extra. Not as good as the full size.


  When your setting it up very easy. But if you want 5o add another person later you can't as it's all done on set up. No instructions came with the alexa  disappointed in it.


  Everything it does all it should


  Good for what it is but pretty useless without a monthly subscription to amazing music.


  Doesn’t work very well with Spotify.Sound quality is brilliant though for such a little thing.Can’t be bothered to use it for anything other than as a speaker.


  alexa gives you tips on things to ask for then doesn't  recognise the  thing she told you to ask for . can be very annoying.


  The Alexa dot is a great compact unit, but I bought it for the radio, particularly BBCRadio2 which is the station we listen to the most, however it won’t play this station!


  Don’t like the fact that the Alexa listens  In to conversations


  This is the second one of these I have brought. The first one developed a sound/speaker fault after about 12 months. Hope this one lasts longer.


  It continually disconnects from the Wi-fi, whilst I have no such Wi-fi issues with my phone or iPad Pro.Very disappointing


  Excellent


  It’s great, but it will not play radio stations for longer than 5 minutes before turning off. I understand this is a known problem but it needs fixing.


  Nice looking device, unfortunately not very good quality sound, had to connect it to other speakers for it to be bearable, however has now made old Bose systems smart... and good links between rooms.


  It's great while it works, but their has been a few times in the last week when the echo just hasn't worked with Alexa saying she doesn't understand at this time.


  Sound tends to have too much bass for size of the device.


  Very good but still doesn't connect with Spotify free


  Still getting to grips with this but very frustrating trying to get it to understand what I am asking.


  Not sure what to do with this - I guess that's down to me.  Fails to answer simple questions...


  Happy to add the Echo Dot in a different room from Alexa


  Like the size, hate that you have to get  right up to it for it to hear and recognise what your saying, can’t seem  to get it play my music!  Wouldn’t buy it again.


  Very disappointed. Have a JVC Fire TV and fire HD 8 Plus .. neither can pair to output audio ..


  Disappointing music sources and internet searches


  Dislike


  Currently using this purely as a radio in the lounge. Sound quality is reasonably good although the tone could be better.


  The Dot probably wouldn’t work well as a stand-alone speaker as it doesn’t have any bass really whereas the echo plus does. Everything else is good.


  Just use as a radio, which was primary reason for purchase. Have tried other skills without success. Also do not fully understand capabilities.


  Doesnt always give u what u aaked for


  It took a couple of attempts to sync echo and echo dot and managed to do it using the laptop. It is a great little device but the sound quality is a bit tinny compared to the Echo.


  Really like it when it works. Often when the alarm goes of and I say Alexa, it doesn't hear me and also when I ask to change a song sometimes it doesn't hear me ‍♀️


  Echo dot worked as well as if not exceeded my expectations but when listening to music the sound after a while starts to get distorted. Hopefully once I get a replacement it will be fine.


  Great for the children to understand how technology works with integration of the modern world


  Sometimes very slow but it's almost demanding that I purchase Amazon music.


  She doesn't understand my Scottish voice.... can't really add anything else apart from should've bought a Google mini


  Seemed to work ok, but caused problems with Sky broadband, which resolved themselves when I removed it


  I have two 2nd gen echos which seem to react first time. This third gen doesn't seem to hear first time.


  not at this time


  The sound is better than expected tho the microphones aren’t always picking it up right or doesn’t pick it up at all


  Took forever to sync with phone, I got two and they don't seem to want to work together. Annoying!


  This is not the product i thought it would maybe if you could ask for a record without a bill coming my way yes then i would rate it higher but at the moment just a standerd dab radio


  Very good and easy to use.  Some times will miss part of the fist word or time.


  Very good tone when playing music.


  Not had this product that long and it is cutting out.


  Great product. Enjoying the immediate music. The only downside is it’s not wireless.


  Voice recognition is good, Alexa great! Speaker sound quality when playing music not so good. But it is small so not expecting wonders.


  Not a great sound quality but what more could one expect for the price. Nice looking and unintrusive but voice recognition not very good at all


  Good


  Good sound quality but repeated issues with dot dropping off of wifi (even though it is 2 metres from the wifi router), bluetooth connectivity also an issue as well as multi-room speaker functionality.


  Microphone doesn’t seem as good, you really have to speak loudly to it.Also, speakers distort when just past half volume.Still a good bit of kit, but disappointed with these issues.


  Don’t get me wrong it’s great. But sometimes listening to music it skips it half way through without me even saying anything, kinda annoying ngl


  I find the sound somewhat muffled. I can't find an option to adjust the quality of the sound. I much prefer my Alexa 2nd generation for sound quality


  Hard to get things discovered by her some devices don’t work


  Doesn’t always recognise what you’re saying! Haven’t been able to pair it with my TV nor my sound system so a little disappointed as not found many uses for Alexa.


  does not respond as well as Gen 2 , have to really shout to get her to do anything. sound is better and looks better


  I like the fact that you can set reminders, but sometimes she responds to conversation when you least expect it. Still getting used to it


  its good, but when I turn my music up it vibrates


  I found it quite difficult to link the echo with my Spotify account. Alexa can’t find my playlists and doesn’t play what I want her too which is a shame.


  Find the voice recognition on the 3rd gen is poorer than my 2nd gen Echo Dot , prefer the look and style of the 3rd gen tho !!


  Hard to set up.cant get it to work


  It's good. The only issue is that sometimes when it speaks it makes the same high sound as when your earphones are starting to break (almost a whirring sound).


  Still getting used to it


  Don't always understand the questions so not able to give correct information! Frustrating at times


  Very disappointed to learn that this is a discontinued product.


  Alexa will not recognise my voice no matter how many times I try.


  When play music, the voice not so nice. Sometimes it does not hear when we called her.


  Expected better sound. Muffled.


  Could not get it to comply with owyfy 


  It some times crashes but I unplug and rest then OK


  Disappointed that the speech quality is very poor compared with my very old 1st gen .. music quality is good but Alexa is virtually inaudible


  It can trick you into agreeing extra products that come with a cost. Butt it is good for googeling


  Once l manage to set it up after phone call and a replacement and another phone callIt works really well


  quite good, voice recognition poor, excellent speaker, rating seven out of ten


  Alex is


  Bought as a present


  Almost everytime I ask for classical music, say, Brandenburg  Concerto  No 1 all I get is one track.  How do I instruct Alexa to play the full work??


  Not bad got it half price


  I already have the echo and got the dot for upstairs. Brilliant but of kit. The whole family use it and we have great fun using it.


  More difficult than my original Alexa to set up - cannot receive BBC radios and do not like the voice as much as my first Alexa.


  Great addition to the house, but has difficulty at times recognising non english songs etc


  It switches it self off on its own It comes on in the middle of the night without being asked Says it cannot connect me to radio4 when it has done so


  Good weather forecast


  Sound quality is like a tin can I know this is the lower range speaker so to be expected but do think it could be better


  Eh I havnt even bought a amazon off here I got it from argos


  Sometimes you literally have to shout and repeat yourself 10 times in order for Alexa to switch on and react or play what you asked to do


  Setup was very easy but it does not understand, when I ask to switch on my plug it plays music. Sound quality is very good for such a small size.


  Fine until it isn’t. Irritating habit of suddenly failing to understand a command it’s previously fulfilled numerous times.


  Alexa doesn't know much. . . . . I have to reword questions, and she still doesn't get it. Ok for music and the weather.


  It’s ok nothing amazing but nothing wrong with it. Mainly use it to listen to music and the kids like the quiz. Bought it when it was on a sale not worth full price I wouldn’t say.


  Don’t like the new voice, need to be able to change it.  Also seams like I have to call it a couple of times before it hears me.


  Its okay but should have bought a better quality one


  Bought as a replacement after TuneIn on Google minis no longer provided RTE Radio 1 to UK,-based listeners


  I see it's working worst than the previous version.I'm not happy with it. The sound is much better but everything else is worse.


  Impressive


  Bought to listen to the radio in the morning.  Sound is good but no use if you can’t listen to your station of choice.  Works with other stations.


  Limited ability to answer reasonably simple questions readily available on Google.


  I have Amazon music unlimited but quite often when I ask it to play songs it says I need to upgrade to Amazon music unlimited!?? Feel like I'm wasting my money!!


  Alexa doesn't recognize  some of the things I say .....apart from that brilliant piece of hardware ..have it next to the bed


  It proved to be very difficult to set up the Echo Dot, which was disappointing as I had expected this to be fairly straightforward.


  It’s good but every time you unplug it you have to reprogram the whole ting! Soooo long but it’s good, Alexa doesn’t listen very well. Gotta shout sometimes.


  Great bit of kit and very good sound but just very hard to set children parameters.


  Pretty good but sound is woolly and disappointing


  So far, so good.the only annoying thing is that you have to pay for Amazon music or be spotify premium member to be able to use that with eco and no more skyscanner flight search.


  Its okay but seems to have selective hearing. Shouting doesn't work either. Ignores her name majority of the time and only listens when I'm talking about her  typical.


  Inot a good range.


  Slow response, sometimes.Ridiculously expensive battery backup base unit.If you went to lidl for supply, they would do it for about 14.99 with a 3 year guarantee.!!!!!!


  Over all good product however getting  your self heard is hard


  not as good as the spot but works well in my hallway with voice commands


  Really not sure what to use this for. Got it for a Christmas present and instructions don’t help much. I am not very technical so only used it as a radio which is a shame really.


  It’s handy, probably does much more than what we use it for.


  It’s good for the money


  a bit tinny for music; but ok. alexa voice recognition requires careful enunciation. Integration with "hue" scenes problematic.


  can't understand Yorkshire accent


  OK Google loads easier to set up.


  its alright still a little broken, let's hope eventually all the links will get ironed out


  Clock don't work keeps flashing at 12:00 can't set the time and no instructions on how to set the time


  Doesn't understand me sometimes after use a different term or a different meaning for her to understand apart from that everything is fine


  Good but keeps loosing contact with my smart light bulb. Sound quality is excellent


  It’s okey, but I usually use it as a normal speaker


  Too much technology. I don't like it. But I bought this as I got it on an offer. But for they people who like such stuff,  it is very nice


  It was a Christmas gift, not as good as I had expected, relies too much on the app, as not a computer buff the app was not useful .


  Unable as yet to connect to the Internet, so unable to give full review


  Like this product and needs to more improve with Alexa voice commands. And also make it easy to use this device. Some times more complicated to use the function of this device. Thanks


  The Alexa can’t understand my accent when it comes to numbers and single letters I’m from Northern Ireland so it shouldn’t be so hard for it to pick them up.


  The product ok, had to download lots of apps to finally getting working, only good for the radio!Bit to complicated to be honest!


  Lovely looking product, a bit slow on voice recognition and a little tinny on sound.


  It’s okay. U have to have a premium subscription for Alexa to work with music properly, but I have perilous Spotify and it’s 100% perfectly functional


  Very tinny sound from the speaker, some times unable to even make out what it is saying.


  As much as I like this product, I hate that I can’t connect to my Spotify but overall a good product


  Great device, but unfortunately not for me.Wasn't bad for my 99p bargain.


  Not as clear as the echo dot 1.voice sounds muffled.speakers are good.but not with the muffled sound


  Not great


  Difficult to set up. It takes numerous tries to get it set up properly. I had to uninstall and reinstall the app a few times before it worked properly.


  What does it do?


  I dont feel there is enough instruction in simple English also Alexa doesnt always respond to commands i find you spend to much time trying to find out how it works


  It's fine, not often used at first. Sad that music has to be purchased separately,  have to check in case there's any more hidden costs.


  Not as great as expected. Have to have many add ons to be able to use anything


  A little disappointed with the sound quality


  Does what it says on the tin.


  Bought it for my grandson he loves it..


  Not overly impressed with this. Great speaker but can’t answer most of my questions


  On the communication drop in feature the mic isn’t very good.


  Can be annoying when trying to turn lights on and off


  This parcel was NOT handed to resident as I was away this weekend , this was left on the driveway in the rain for at least 2 days!


  I thought it would have been able to play the same music as my echo on my account


  Love the colour sometimes does not recognise my voice


  Sometimes Alexa is spot on with info and sometimes she is about much use a chocolate fire guard and comes out with random info that has absolutely nothing to do with what you asked!!


  It works and is good for the price.


  Getting used to it - nice to have music around the house again :)


  Bought as Christmas present liked as used for music but today after four weeks played one song and will not respond at all now completely dead


  Will be a good help if its wirelesz rechargeable.


  To listen to any music you like you need amazon prime subscription otherwise you get a song 'like' the one you want...disappointing.


  It’s not very knowledgeable when you asked a question


  Cant find any good uses


  Think it a good but my 3 year old loves it .she can understand him when he asks to play a song. And is handy to have around the house


  After changing my home wifi password the echo will not connect to the new password even after following the steps.It's a fun gadget while it worked


  It wont recognise My TV at all so disappointing.


  I already have an Echo and expected the Dot to perform the same. Firstly it has an American accent why?and doesn't understand commands as good as the Echo. It does the job.


  It's ok voice recognition not 100 percent though.


  The device is programmed to sell other Amazon products, very unsatisfactory considering the cost


  Bought to use mainly as a speaker for my iPhone but not the best option.


  You get what you pay for. Speaker quality is exceptionally poor.


  Dislike one of the first things Alexa says being an advert for a music subscription...


  Alexa is really good apart from sometimes she cant find what I want or she doesn't listen sometimes and also the music will just go off all of a sudden


  Very good  for  using  for the radio


  The voice recognition is not good. I don't like that you need to say the exact phrase either.


  Doesn't work with some smart TVs. Samsung being one of them even with smartthings installed.


  Very annoying, must speak clearly and slowly and say Alexa before everything. Drove me mad


  Its good


  It’s a good gadget but I’m a bit miffed about overpaying.The one technical improvement would be the ability to control music / select playlists from the app.


  As a general information gadget it’s good. It’s just a shame music is limited without an Amazon music or Spotify subscription as I would have liked to have linked it to my Apple library or device.


  Frequently gets a broad scots accent wrong. Putting on your best Enry Iggins to get anything done is a bit poor. When it works it is great though. Sound quality is cracking.


  Finaly recieved it but now I'm struggling to set it up


  Sound is not great


  When I asked when my delivery was due kept giving me the wrong date


  Some apps are basically non existent on this. Spotify barely works.


  It stops playing unexpectedly.


  The main use is to play music or radio. The sound is very bias to the bass and therefore sounds muffled.


  poor sound quality but it is as cheap as chips


  Took a while to set up and get internet connection. Didn’t work with Android app on phone but did once using iPad and app.


  Having issues trying to connect to Radio 2, appears that this is a problem others are enduring, but nothing has been done to alleviate the issue


  The whole thing is okay. Just not loud enough. Also has to stay connected to electricity so you can't take it with you to the beach.


  The product is great but the app is difficult to use. Lack of initiative when making requests, you must ask the right thing.


  Not as easy to set up as instructions suggest, Voice recognition hit and miss


  Man I bought a speaker to work with my phone to watch movies. Ends up being a waste of money although it is fun to use.


  Ok but struggled to connect to my Bluetooth speaker and lights so not great


  Nothing about product just when the delivered it the throw over my fence and they couldn't care less


  Does pick up voice commands very good have to shout a lots for the time


  A bit of a con that you have to sign up to Amazon prime to hear all tracks !!!! Everything else seems ok so far


  Bought 2 of these and they are great but have just recently started to stutter and not recognise what anyone in our house is saying


  Was ok at first but then it started to crackle... Piece of junk.


  Very happy with my echo dot for the price. Use it mainly for playing music but I am going to look into using it for other things. Very happy x


  Sound quality not as good as my old echo dot.I find audio has a lot of bass and not a lot of treble in it.


  Her knowledge of questions asked is very poor ....much more ..."I am sorry I don't know the answer to that" than giving an actual answer!


  Great integration with other smart home devices - if only it did not take 5/5 attempts to get the voice response to work!


  I already have the larger size Echo so I didn't expect to have pay twice for the nusic


  Alarm clock, reminders, music, weather repots


  Was a free gift with another Product


  Not used as free gift


  Good product and mainly happy with the 3 I have in the house but at times it does seem to be a bit temperamental


  Great, but if you're playing music slightly loud you have to shout to wake Alexa. Also has occasionally frozen and takes a while to reboot


  Not able to download the app to my iPhone or iPad because unable to download latest system updates,Very frustrating


  It does need some technical set up knowledge to get started. This despite the instructions from Echo Dot.


  It’s no longer working with Spotify only radio - I’m not doing anything wrong I have one at home and at work


  good most of the time, however, sometimes Alexa doesnt know the answer to simple questions


  Music and radio


  Battery not lasting long. Product not up to the hype Very disappointed


  Some irratation with poor internet connection here. DT11 Milton Abbas


  Lovely to have a good quality of music of my choice ,


  You need a separate Music account for each device!


  Bought this to listen to music upstairs as already had one downstairs. However can’t listen to music unless I upgrade my music account from £3.99 - £9.99 !!!!


  Cannot connect to my bluetooth Marshall speaker.


  Alexa sometimes responds to what I say but a lot of the time you have to repeat yourself.


  not good enough


  This will not communicate with my smart TV in spite of being assured that it will.


  its little more than a speaker.


  Not always not recognised voice commands can be very annoying


  It has trouble with Scottish pronunciation


  Device has much better speaker than previous 1st generation dot, but, it appears impossible to transfer my amazon music single device account from the old device to this one. Shame it’s spoilt the whole experience


  This was an amazing offer I play mostly music on it and the sound is really good


  Alexa doesn't always understand what I am asking and I often hear her say 'I'm sorry, I don't know that'


  Novelty wears off quick. And it’s not very good at answering simple questions.


  Sound quality could be better


  It only has a wide range choice if music if you pay 4.99 a month which over a year is expensive.


  Poor power supply socket, so unit can turn off periodically. Very frustrating.


  I found the sound not very good.


  Lovely little thing and powerful, only trouble I had was adding a 2nd dot.


  Generally a great product although this unit has delivered poor sound quality at times.


  Love my echo dot kids love it too


  The sound has gone very distorted, is it still under warranty


  Setup instruction very hard to understand. If you are technically minded may be simpler. Once setup no problem with Alexa.


  I'm only just getting use to my Alexa but easy to set up


  Bit of a novelty but enjoy the music & general facts


  The Smart Speaker would not re charge which defeats the purpose of being mobile. Very disappointed and would not order another one.


  The voice recognition is great but the speaker rattles even at a very low volume


  It wakes u up .plays a good selection of music without having to pay extra


  Its fantastic. seriously.  my only downside is there in no intergration for the virgin media V6 box with the amazon prime video app.


  Unfortunately, I bought this to use as a bluetooth speaker to connect with my Iphone, but it can't find it or my mac via bluetooth.Otherwise, all fine.


  It's OK but not great and I have discovered other devices that are cheaper and produce better sound.


  It took a long time to set up.Doesn't have answers. Lets face it...it isn't Google.


  Alexa seems very limited


  The cable does not fit very securely in the back of it, a slight nudge and it falls out leaving no power so it can get very annoying.


  The sound quality is not that good


  Seems like everyday I get an email saying try a new option or try asking something new. Which is really annoying


  Good product, only comment - when making calls through the speaker the person using the echo dot can sound very echo-ey.


  Alexa finds 2 devices instead of one light, doesnt take commands accurately.


  Would have gave it 5 stars but the new power connections are awful and they keep cutting out


  Asking question instead of looking up. But Alexa not very helpful


  Often doesn’t respond, find we have to repeat ourselves.


  Easy to setup but you have to be very specific with commands and questions and it’s really annoying


  As usual most of the uses need subscriptions, so not worth getting unless you want to spend more on other services


  I actually argue with herShe ignores me and responds to my partner lol


  More complicated than I expected.


  It does what it wants , often tells you how to join prime even though I’m a member.


  Not as much information that I thought it would have. Not enough free music.


  I love these guys or gals should I say.I  have two and find them awesome practically useful. homework quicky, a quick joke, timer for cooking ...no more burnt toast.


  Sometimes the sound goes a bit funny, and Alexa gets carried away if there is a loud song playing, and you can't get her to stop.


  Speaker could be better


  It's OK. She's easily confused.


  Can't connect the three echo dots together to play music from amazon prime at the same time throughout the house (same music)


  Hi there i have asked things to listen to in punjab I'm disappointed in a way as Google reaction is a lot better to say thanks.


  It is okay.The sound is a little bit tinny.


  I liked it a lot but bought it for someone else. They are happy with it.


  Radio cuts out after a period of time seems to be a known fault on forums... shame as it’s otherwise great!!


  Says it only responds to your voice but responds to everyone’s voice instead which is annoying as anyone can pause your Alexa without your permission etc


  Very useful and handy when you have a dirty hands, plays lots of songs but for many you have to sign up and pay monthly fee


  at present for amusement but i can see it will be excellent in the future


  you can not make uk  call on it


  Works fine, not the best Alexa


  Keeps going off mid song, really annoying


  I don't like that Alexa has a problem with playing some of the polish radios stations


  No


  Doesn’t always respond to commands the first time.


  It doesn’t always respond, in fact it doesn’t respond for the majority of time.


  Does not work with Apple Music. Spotify works well though. Looks better than google mini


  not understanding me


  She gets confused and syncing with phone is difficult, she just doesn’t undestand


  Is it always listening????


  It’s not as clever as people think it is


  We think it is fabulous. Best Buy in a long time. Wish we had got one years ago. Is there one for the car??


  Sound quality could be. A lot better but to be honest it does what it's there for and works well


  Nice and small


  It’s ok, sound quality is good, but we are a bit paranoid that Alexa is listening in on us


  No comment


  Works fine but does sound  a little more muffled than my early one


  good for music , but doesn't seem to understand some things . try asking it to play sesames treat by smart E.


  We have tried a few things and have been very disappointed as we couldn’t connect to most things like music, calendar shopping lists


  The main requirement of Alexa seems to be to get me to sign up for a service that costs me money, rather than being FOC


  Product fine but six week lead time not mentioned before purchased. Was bought for a birthday present and turned up a month after.


  Sounds quality is very poor compared with older version.


  Does not answer all the questions


  Loved it, only issue that I was unhappy with was that it needs to be permanently plugged in was hoping to take it in garden.


  Pritty good but not to much to use it with unless your in to all your smart teck


  I like Alexa but this one’s voice recognition isn’t so good. You literally need to shout it and even then give up


  Well I ask it things that I want to know and it says something like “sorry I don’t know this” and it’s very annoying!


  I sometimes have to call ”Alexa ” a couple of times she respond. It doesn't always cooperate at first hand.


  Doesn’t have the songs available I like to listen to.


  Setting alarm, checking weather, asking for direction.Turning lights on and off


  Can get confused with requests, especially about music and singers on spotify


  Love how small the speaker is but don’t like that you can’t play your music without it being plugged in.


  Geordie language hard to understand


  Doesn't have a battery, so can't be used without being plugged in.


  we have to keep repeating what we want to unit monotonous


  Ok


  I like it because I can choose music without having to put on a CD.Also the sound is crystal clear,plus you do not have to switch appliances on and off all the time.


  Needs amazon music


  Can't get it to work


  Difficult to recognise my voice, sound quality is not I expected.


  Thought it was cordless! Size is great 


  Looks nice, but sound quality is not as good as dot2 (I have 4 of them) its got too much base . .so still buying dot2's


  This product is advertised on UK TV and speaks with an English accent, my Alexa speaks with an American accent which is not what I want to hear.


  Haven’t had time to try hundred %. It was gift. Will fill in when tried more.


  I does cut out a lot during play back on music, just stops playing then starts again after about 10/15 seconds


  It tell u the weather I play music on it and listen to the radio


  Can’t play more than 1 echo dot at a time . Not good


  NOT AS INTUITIVE AS ID HOPED


  It doesn’t know what I am saying it won’t let me order on Amazon


  Make sure you get right plugs, both hub free and mhz, if not you'll pay again. Also no speaker upgrade available like ones for gen 1 & 2


  Every time i unplug my echo dot to put in another room it fails to recorgnize the internet


  Very pleased with is ease of use the sound is okay.


  The sounds are quite good but setting up to  work with my echo plus is and are a nightmare, may just be me not being it savvy


  It does not seem to be able to pick up bbc podcasts.


  shame you have to subscribe to channels..... but linked to spotify account now


  It’s perfect for my bedroom


  Not that loud.


  Music good information good


  keeps telling me it can not understand and disconnecting from the internet


  I use echo for music primarily but am frustrated getting alexa to play my specific playlists.


  The sound quality is very low and voice recognition is limited


  Did not realise it dud not function in South Africa, really annoying


  I bought the Echo Dot for my bedroom to play some well-being sounds to help me get to sleep, but I was so upset when I realized it dose not play them.


  Good system but alexa voice it too bass making it difficult to hear properly.


  It’s listen to everything we say I don’t trust it but I love it


  Sleep timer doesn’t work on Spotify. Doesn’t recognise some of my playlists. Use it mostly for music


  Cool funky idea


  Sound poor. Keeps on losing internet connection.


  Is it Amazon knows the Android Alexa app Can't connect no any response from app. So I Can't use this product may be only the way i can use is change my mobile tk iphone 


  Does not answer very much. But good for dropping into other devices


  Keeps turning it's self on and looks like it's listening?? Creepy??


  Nice little gadget, not much use unless you have amazon music as it won’t play nice with Spotify or the like.


  Generally a nice gadget to have in home but i feel it can be a little more accurate when activating features.


  Doesn’t always recognise my voice and can’t do as much as the big echo


  Don’t always work properly or when u play games it just shuts them down


  Think the product is very bassy..


  So far not bad a good variety of features and sound quality good. Was expecting it to be portable though


  I've not received email invite for Unlimited Music for 90 days as published in description !!


  Love this device but it does cut out every now and then so does my sons


  The sound quality isn’t very good to be honest


  She’s a bit hit and miss sometimes


  Poor recognition and the volume on phone calls is so low it’s really not practical to use versus the phone speaker.


  I can't connect with other dot's it will not call it says can't connect at the moment try later


  Love it, however after only a couple of weeks of having it the speaker went and now it's really distorted and fuzzy sound.


  Had a few problems setting up. Wouldn’t play music etc


  Really enjoy using it, however I don’t use it as often as I did in the beginning. I wouldn’t say you have to buy it, it’s just a nice gadget to have.


  Device is great apart from the fact Amazon now selling for half what I paid 3 days earlier, furious does not cover it!!


  Sound isn't great and it isn't as responsive as the echo but that said, it was only 25 quid


  can't play all the music i want unless i sign up  could be a lot better that's why the poor rating x


  The volume could be louder


  Love everything about it


  The alexa never understands what i say the first time but the sound quality is good for its size.


  Difficult to understand what alexa is saying, I have a 2nd edition dot which I think is better.


  My brand new echo dot constantly had a static sound coming from the speaker.  Please can someone get back to me re. Exchanging it.


  The mic is not as strong as the original echo. But the audio is great.


  The fact that you can’t listen to radio 2 which was the main reason for me purchasing the item.


  I like for music


  Lack of tunes available for free


  I Like the Dot. But I was not awhere it is a powered unit. It does not have a built in chargable battery. So not truly portable


  Sound quality is okay only. Mainly use as door ringing and announcement companion to Ring video door bell.


  Finding it difgicult to start


  Doesn’t always recognise voice so you have to repeat alot

