
  Upgrading from the 4" screen of an iPhone SE to this was too big a jump for me. Although the phone is fantastic, it doesn't fit in my pocket or purse and holding it feels like I'm holding an old school palm pilot! Had to return it and rethink my upgrade choices


  I have bought this iPhone 11 in green color and after using it for 2 weeks I’m writing this review.Pros:Best cameraGood screen qualityGood battery lifeGreat storage capacity for 128 GBFree Apple TV for an yearConsHeavy to carry( I prefer iPhone 7 for its weight).Ease of using when compared to 7 is what I don’t like yet.May be I need to get used to using it for a few more weeks.Less wallpapers in the current version.


  Nice product. With an up to date chip and operating system. Display quality is fine, but outdated. Battery life is excellent on the new iPhone 11, compared to an iPhone 8.


  Overal it is a good phone, faster than my previous phone (6s)I’ve had this phone for a while now. I noticed that the battery life is quickly dropping. In the beginning it lasted at least 12 hours of constant use, now, couple of moths after it only lasts for about 5-6 hours of constant use.I even wondered if this is a genuine genuine brand new iPhone or if it was refurbished.Everything else if just fine, the battery life is not great, be aware of that.


  The phone is really good, would recommend and is a big upgrade from my iphone 7 plus. The battery life is amazing, lasts all day without charging.  One thing that I am not so impressed with is that the charger that it comes with has broken after 3 days, and the earphones are constantly disconnecting when I am listening to music, even when they are plugged in and if i even so much as move the earphone cable it turns off the music and disconnects. When opening the box, the earphones felt very cheap and not like normal quality. I will be replacing these, but after spending so much money on the phone, I would have hoped that they would have atleast worked for longer than 2 weeks


  Could be better but over priced


  My daughter didn’t want a phone contract, so saved up her overtime money & bought it right out. She wanted this particular one for the camera, to be able to help in her college studies, so has proven invaluable


  Phone is brilliant with a great camera. My one issue - This phone is far too big. I cannot reach corners of the phone whilst using one hand.


  Lovely phone, a little bit heavy


  Good value

