
  The phone has a main board component failure that is recognised by Apple (Model No A1660), however this certified refurbished iPhone has third party Chinese parts in it, meaning that it is certainly not certified refurbished, at least in my understanding of Apples refurbishment policy. As such, Apple wont repair the fault, even though it’s a recalled fault. Rigenerati have not been helpful in getting this problem fixed, other than to say that they wish me to post the phone back to Italy for them to repair. I no longer want the phone as it is not refurbished to the standard I expected (non genuine parts) and if I have further problems in the future I am prevented from taking the phone to Apple and am forced to go third party for repairs as Apple wont touch it.Attached is a reply for rigenerati after I informed them of my contact with the ECC.Certainly not a reputable company, in my eyes at leastEdit : I forgot to add that the serial number is registered with Apple as a 32gb model, I bought a 32gb model, however the phone I received is a 128gb model. The IMEI number that is registered to the phone is also different to the IMEI barcode I was given for the phone. All round a very dodgy and suspect Company


  I bought this iPhone 7 256gb version, it basically was not the real deal and was fake.1: The screen was poor quality2: The whole body felt plastic3: The camera was most certainly like a 1mp4: The phone over heated when turned on5: The keyboard did not work kept missing letters.I never used it to log in on my Apple ID as I never trusted the device, instead I called amazon and reported I got a product I did not feel was real, after about 2 half weeks I received a refund and bought an iPhone XS Max from Apple.Moral of the story just buy from Apple, when a phone is refrbished people use screens that are not the real iPhone screens and replace parts that are basically not made by Apple for cheapness. Your best spending the extra and getting your moneys worth and saves you the hassle. I’ve attached some pictures judge for yourself. Also the ICCD number was unknowing which was a red flag.If you look at the screen you can see black shadows and when the screen is turned off it does not blend in with the bezels on the phone which defiantly confrimed that this iPhone was not real.


  Nothing about this phone was original. Firstly it would only charge with a non apple charge lead then it had to be in the right way round. The battery was sopposedly new but had been charged over 600 times according to the diagnostic tests done at the apple shop. The screen was the wrong shape on the edges so none of the screen protectors fitted properly. The battery life was rubbish and once down to 20% would shut down. On the face of it when it first arrived it looked in perfect condition but in reality it was useless for what you need it for. Spend a bit extra and go to the apple store and buy a brand new iPhone 7 with warranty.


  I bought this phone for my son for a Christmas present , within 8 days it wouldn't make or receive calls. I contacted my bestphones who asked that I carry out  a restore with iTunes and update to the latest version of iOS. I explained that it was after an update that this happened but completed it again. The same fault kept coming up, I sent screen shots  from the apple website which actually says there is a fault with the cellular modem. I got a mail a few days later asking me to carry out  a restore with iTunes and update to the latest version of iOS once again !! I now have to send the phone back to them after deleting all the data on it ( or they won't accept it) in the hope that they will repair it. How do you explain that to a teenage boy whose Christmas present doesn't work. Not one bit happy


  I purchased an iPhone 7 as a Christmas present for my partner, it arrived on time.  After she set up the phone and made her first phone call, she discovered that the microphone didn't work.  As we were both annoyed, I sent the iPhone back asking for a refund.  We removed the iCloud account from her iPhone via the iPhone itself and a laptop  Music Magpie then contacted me to state the device was still locked to the iCloud and that I needed to remove it.  I then followed their specific instructions to remove the iPhone, resulting in them contacting me again stating that it is still locked and that it could be because there is more than one iCloud account.  This is 100% not the case.  Music Magpie are now sending back the device for me to remove the iCloud account which is a pointless exercise and I still have no refund.  DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE.


  Good news: physically the phone looks great and even had a new screen protector fitted, and being amazon fulfilled came with the usual speedy delivery.Bad news: faulty phone with defective audio which appears to be an identifiable problem by searching online. So poor confidence that the operation of the phone is properly tested.Amazon has agreed to refund in full, going in the post tomorrow, but complete inconvenience nonetheless.And market prices seem to have went up so I will now be further out of pocket as well as inconvenienced.EDIT: peeled off the screen protector before returning to discover it was hiding a badly scratched screen. Cheeky sellers hiding this as it's below the standard of a 'renewed' phone. Sold by SUPREME MOBILE UK - be wary!!


  I got this refurbished iPhone 5 months ago. I've treated it with care but obviously used daily. All of the sudden the screen started flickering and home button stopped working. I contacted seller as it came with a years guarantee and they were most unhelpful claiming the damage was caused by me, even though nothing beyond normal use has happened to the phone. Far from the quality you would reasonably expect.I've had iPhones for many years and they have always lasted great, this one is the first time I've had problems, I can only assume it's due to substandard refurbishment or parts as I've taken good care of it. Would reccomend paying extra for a proper iPhone with good customer care.


  I've just received my order ( iPhone 7 128GB in Rose Gold) and I am very disappointed that the phone was NOT unlocked like it said on the item description. It is very misleading and I am not happy about paying extra to now get it unlocked to Vodafone as the phone is only currently accepting EE sims.


  The speaker/microphone does not work so when you phone someone they can't hear you. Also when recording no sound other than fuzz. Even more disappointed when I have had to pay for return tracked postage! For a faulty item.. very poor service!


  Absolutely horrible experience, stay away. The microphone didn't work, camera was out of focus and display had weird colours.


  The phone came without a charger and earphones.  The display colours are a bit faded. But worst of all was the fact that the audio was broken - not just the microphone. Had to be replaced twice. Now sound still not perfect.


  The phone looked like new and came complete with all the basic cables. However the microphone did not work which meant that anyone calling you couldn't hear you talking. I wish I had looked at the reviews before I made my purchase as the microphone problem seems to be fairly common.


  We had to return the phone as it wasn't refurbished to Apple standard ( we had to go to Apple Store as the the phone was asking to be updated and we couldnt). The phone has been received and signed for but we have yet to receive our money back. It has been 3 months now and they keep coming up with excuses.


  I bought this to replace my old iphone 5s ( which still works perfectly). To be honest it looked like new when it came and for a couple of weeks I was pleased with it. However the touch started to play up and then the phone kept switching itself off randomly until it wouldn't switch on or off. I returned it to Grade Mobile as per instruction. They send a little card with their 'renewed' phones saying please get in touch with us before you leave a negative review etc. Well the reality is they had my broke phone and my money for nearly a month with absolutely no contact. I tried to phone them numerous times but they were unavailable. Finally today I contacted Amazon and they have sorted the refund. The service from Grade Mobile was appalling and I would never recommend their products.


  Seller can you please contact me ASAP. This phone does not work. At first it stopped me from making phone/video calls and now it has shut off completely and only goes as far as the Apple icon loading screen. There is no damage to the phone and has not been mistreated. I’m not happy at all about this as it is a gift to my daughter who is now very upset!


  Product was defective from day 1. When making phone call or speak via WhatsApp/ viber on speaker the person on the end of the line can’t hear me at all. Also, even when not on speaker the person on the line can hardly hear me. This is definitely a bad purchase especially given price. I am looking to have the iPhone fixed as in the box there is a note saying it has one year guarantee. How does it work?


  Phone had only very minor scratch marks and performs well with the exception of a terrible battery, which is a major weakness. On receipt, maximum battery performance was 81% - barely above the Amazon stated minimum of 80% capacity for renewed phones. Despite optimising phone usage for battery life (location services off, push notifications off, very low screen brightness) and using the phone permanently in “low power usage mode”, the battery doesn’t last the day on very moderate use and rapidly runs down under 30% capacity (e.g. 20% in 10 mins of internet browser use). Just not good enough. I’m very disappointed and won’t buy a renewed phone again. Also, some reviewers noted they received a headphone jack or new headphones that fit the iPhone 7 (first model without the separate headphone socket). I didn’t - purchased from Pod-G-Penguin U.K.


  The first so-called 'renewed' i-phone arrived all scratched. Thinking it was a one off damaged item that slipped through the refurbishment process, ordered another one from a different seller i.e. DigitalTechno, which arrived in a generic box with a charger, cable and sim card adapter. The phone itself, to my astonishment, arrived with a knocked side, hairs or a piece of thread jammed between the screen and the phone body, which I assume got stuck when the 'renewed' glass (or battery or whatever they did during refurbishing) was fitted and as a result compromising the the water proof of the phone. The 'white' seal between the glass and the body was discolored and all dirty (see photos) and damaged, again not sure how does it fit to the renewed item description. Seeing all of these, I didn't dare to even turn the phone ON so I can't comment on its functionalities (e.g. battery life etc).  The phone was purchased from amazon Prime fulfilled seller 'DigitalTechno' who approved the return but asked me to pay for the postage.  The feeling is that I was robed: minus £200 for the phone + postage from my pocket until I recover (hopefully) these from the seller.


  It’s delivered as good as new if it makes sense. My one didn't work properly since day one I waited for few months with this due to no other option then wait that update might make it work properly. This iPhone hangs and spos responding. It looks brand new but when you use it, it will lag and hangs due to issues with its hardware I suppose because I have updated system and softwares few times. Reset the software too. Still no change it just hangs when you need it the most. I will buy another one once I get the refund because its not fast to process refund with this product takes a while. I suggest you to avoid or try your luck.


  The phone appears new, when I want to pair it with my other iPhone, it complains of ID issues, because I need a phone I think I can manage it. Unfortunately a few days after, the volume of the phone seized- the phone got a sound problem, each time I try making Whatsapp call it keeps coming with a message "I can't make this call because someone is on another call" I only use the phone to send messages. I can't bear the frustration anymore, so I return it to the buyer.Today, I received a message that the phone is damaged with water, so my warranty is void. So the phone will be returned to me. Please, I know nothing about the damage and did you want me to pay a huge amount of money without being able to use the phone? Or what did you want me to do? I have been using the iPhone I bought from this platform since 2019, I have no issue with it, only that it was smashed and need fixing, which they are willing to fix for me. Please, note I have returned the phone back to you and am not going to take it until you fix it. I was about returning it due to the sound problem when water splash on it after removing all the cover and cases . The problem has nothing to do with water, it was a motherboard problem called sound ic. I have been using amazon platform for more than 10years, now am afraid of purchasing things on this platform.


  Having received and opened it today I have discovered that:The phone is missing a SIM card slot so cannot insert a SIM card to use the iPhone from what was sent. There were photos on the phone already showing a multitude of sim trays (none of which I received!!)Took over an hour to charge to 12%The Home button is also unresponsive to light touch (possible with other iPhone 7 including my previous broken one) and phone has already frozen a few times.Update:Phone only seems to charge on the provided charger when off. Took the phone to Apple to enquire about the home button and they said the screen is not authentic.When recording videos, the audio cuts in and out so watching back footage from important moments has been heartbreaking.Very disappointing.


  Sure you can safe couple 100 quid...but the phone didnt work at all as soon as it came out of the box. Stuck on update screen, reaching very hot temperature, like as if there is a nuclear reactor inside the phone. Very dangerous.How these people thought they could send this phone out and get away with it is beyond me.Shame on 'Bulkbuyers' sender, shame on amazon for letting them sell this junk on their platform.


  Bought this phone for my father as his old one was 15 years old.Thought an iPhone 7 would be alright. What a nightmare.The phone was faulty (microphone) making the phone unusable. There is no way this phone has been quality checked.Now I have the hassle of trying to send a phone back when my father doesn't have a printer and trying to guide him how to reset his phone on a phone that doesn't actually work. The irony!Waste of time.


  Battery life poor  volume button not great and slow switching on / off  needed charged twice a day and that's even after aOvernight chargeReception from it poor and can be very hot at the back of the phone which this may be why the battery losses charge


  The phone I received lost any connection to the service provider within hours of opening it and putting a SIM card in. Had a right carry on with it . Even had to contact apple support to get it connected but still didn’t work. Apple suggested there was a fault with some part on it. Sent it back and received refund


  I bought this iPhone from "The Kase"  and it had a faulty battery. The battery lasted about an hour and would die at 80%.Upon further investigation I suspect that it was "renewed" with a non apple battery as I suspect a lot of these phones are. The app usage didn't show in battery health in iOS 13 and there were other anomalies that would back up this theory.I filed to return it and used the provided label to ship it back to France. I had to pay for this as I took longer than five days to get to the Post Office. This was at the start of the Corona Virus outbreak. I didn't mind paying shipping as it was my fault.Weeks went on and I never heard from the seller. I filed a claim and was asked to submit a postage receipt which I did. I was denied a refund on the grounds that I didn't pay tracking for the postage which I had assumed to be free in the first place. The seller is refusing me a refund or replacement and has not been in contact to resolve this throughout.Absolute Daylight Robbery.


  Received this product and it keeps coming up no service wented to the phone shop and they try everything with the phone and try lots of Smins still not working.Email the company looking a refund.No reply.No refund.Very unhappy.


  I brought this phone to replace my Iphone 5s. i had to wait over a week and it didnt arrive when i was said to. it was ok at first and worked fine until i was notifed that i couldnt recieve calls, make calls, or use my data. this was then followed by the phone turning itsself off and on again multiple times. i restroed the phone in the hopes that it would work again but it has just made it worse. would NOT recommend buying this phone or any from this seller as it has obviously not been refurbished properly. utterly unworth your time.


  Wish I had believed all the reviews.Phone arrived with probably over 50 scratches on screen, complete joke. Can’t even get postage paid on returning it for a refund. £170 ish for something like this, an absolute disgrace. Cannot believe anyone would feel ok sending this out. Cannot be given as the birthday present it was intended as its embarrassing.


  I couldn’t accept it, seller said the battery was 80% new, but battery was faulty, this in Battery Health said. I charged all night but only got 1/7 of the battery. If it is 100%, it can only be used for about 25% and then it drops to below 10% and dies.Although it is an old phone but I don't think it is so bad, many people who hear me talk cannot hear it clearly, the signal column fails so it is very slow, and there are other errors, when used very disappointed and affecting work. I really liked the iphone 7 because I lost my phone so I had to buy the old phone, I was glad to receive it from this seller but now I am sorry, the seller tricked me. In N-Covid 19, I can't go to send back because about life safe.


  RubbishWifi does not workCrack on screenMic doesnt workI bought headphones and ear pods and they dont work this is as uteer disgrace for the price the full battery lasts about and hour shocking and ive literally just been ripped off  and ahould of read previous reviews


  Phone appeared really good when arrived.  Went to all the trouble of setting it up and loading info from another phone. As soon as we went to use the main camera it was clearly broken (see photo of the screen). Defo a wire disconnection or other hardware fault.  VERY ANNOYING as so easily spotted if this had been tested before sending. Was already frustrated as I chose this supplier as they said they would deliver on the Wednesday by 8pm and I needed the phone by then as a test device to use in our business. However, late on Wednesday I got a message saying it would now arrive in the next few days.  This was very annoying and caused us issues.  So all round a very poor experience.


  DO NOT BUY !  Product arrived as described , worked great for 2 months then started playing up , cutting out and then finally mic and earpiece went , giving out a loud crackling noise .This wouldn’t have been an issue if the seller would have responded to my messages and or provided a replacement handset .Handset was returned with no option of a replacement ,then the fact that you then need to wait 7 working days for a refund and continue to chase were the refund is was an absolute joke .They just don’t understand that all this will leave you 2 weeks without a smart phone awaiting refund so you can buy anotherBottom line is poor customer service from the seller


  This phone won’t make phone calls. It’s sucks. It’s been dodgy from the start and I always thought it was other people’s phones but now it’s completely stopped working. I have no audio. It’s been very annoying.The company have been very understanding and gave me a refund. That I am very grateful for so I can buy a new phone now and didn’t need to wait too long for a response. Even though it’s very annoying that my phone broke at least they managed to sort my problem out relatively quickly


  The microphone didnt work. Not exactly what you would expect from a phone that has apparently been tested and inspected.Its literally the basic function of a phone to be able to speak to people.... dont waste your money.


  This is is rubbish, they they used faulty parts from lots of different phones and don't work.CAN'T believe Amazon is allowing it!!


  The call volume was so low that it was inaudible in all but a very quiet room. I spent a lot of time on the phone to Amazon and Apple. The Apple guy was good but identified that the battery health was critically poor so needed replacing. After a lot of back and forth the fault with the call volume was identified as a hardware issue rather than software... I know that second hand phones might have a few scratches and dents but two key things- battery and call volume- are pretty easy to check!Sadly the phone didn’t seem to be remewed.


  The screen is not an Apple original / replacement evident by its colour / tone compared to other iPhone 7s, but the handset initially worked as intended, HOWEVER it subsequently showed No Service despite coverage being available. Whilst the handset had been 'renewed' they had failed to address this known fault, which renders the handset useless


  I am really unhappy with the product and customer service received considering I have had to return two phones back since ordering in July as none of the phones sent have been fully working. The two phones sent back had to be replaced due to faults and this is still not resolved 4 months on. Testing time is long communication is poor no customer service considering the amount of issues and time. Would not recommend and purchase again I would accept a full refund if possible but it’s not.


  The phone came in a good condition but I soon found out that it was broken inside. It said no service at the top all the time. And this doesn’t go away. I am unable to recieve or give calls when unconnected to WiFi and my data doesn’t work it simply isn’t an option! This has been very frustrating and I am looking for a new phone having lost over 300 pounds on this one.


  My experience so far has been poor, the item arrived 1 day later than advertised, more importantly the phone has a fault, basically the charging port in the iPhone 7 is faulty. I have written to GADGET-STORE outlining the issue. I will update this review accordingly based on their response/customer service/actions. You always get the sense of the culture behaviour of a company based on their responses when things go wrong, we shall see. Stand by for an update.


  This phoned lasted 6 months! The make and model had been recalled by Apple as there was a hardware issue! This seller sold this faulty phone for £300 and it just stopped working after 6 months. It was covered by 1yr warranty.  I sent it back and the seller wanted £120 to repair! I have no phone and £300 out of pocket! Please avoid buying from this company! Buy from reputable company.  I thought I was as it was through Amazon! Seems warranty is as worthless as phone!  I have learnt valuable lesson!!!


  I used this DigitalTechno to buy a Iphone 7 for my daughter. The speakers had some issues and I sent it to them, It came back with WIFI graded out. I sent it again back to them. After sitting on it for a month they sent it back without sorting the issue. Not all of us can afford everything and the way I have been cheated out, may it be a deterrent to many of you. Please please avoid this company and their products.I am taking the issue further, will go the legal way.


  Bought this as an upgrade due to the camera being a bit better than mine, was appalled to find out the camera had been replaced by an awful cheap unusable one (not even the same image orientation as the original Apple cameras) Don’t waste your money! Absolutely gutted.


  The Microphone is broken and has been from day one. I put up with it because I rarely call people and didn't want the hassle of replacing the phone. Six months later and the phone won't charge at all (have tried many cables, plugs, and plug sockets) I contacted amazon who told me to contact the seller directly and they would get back to me within 48 hours. I wrote to the seller 17 days ago and have had no response. Totally unacceptable. Avoid this company at all costs.


  The phone is great but......I have to put +44 at the beginning of all phone numbers otherwise is registers the number a foreign!!!  Also it will not connect to my car via bluetooth, as it keeps saying no device.  I have always connected my phones to my car, so cant understand why this one wont.....again because its foreign.  Please check before you buy that it is from the UK and you can access everything.  It also falls out of service frequently.


  The phone worked perfectly fine once delivered on 27/08/2020 yesterday 03/09/2020 the phone has started to turn off and back on again and its getting worse, also the touch ID is temperamental and doesn't work. This is a work phone so need to work 100%. I have contacted the seller and waiting a response. I was really impressed with the product until yesterday. I would like to know how to fix it or get sent a new one that works as its under 1 year guarantee.


  I would highly recommend NOT buying one of these phones. The phone became faulty after less than a month of having it, switching off for no apparent reason constantly and the phone’s microphone didn’t work properly. Even worse, though, has been the customer service in trying to get the phone fixed. I’ve been waiting 3 weeks and haven’t got anything back and not have requested a full refund but seem to be being ignored. Awful service to say the least.


  Unfortunately after 2 weeks the phone has been returned. It suffered from the following problems: Over heating, volume loss, battery life less than 1 hour and phone locking up/crashing. Phone returned as instructed. No refund received and customer service is a robot that hangs up...


  Faulty product returned within 28 days of purchase (Apple Pay problem) the supplier submitted this for repair and after 10 days without success a replacement iPhone was supplied.The new product is fully functional however the delay in replacement was very problematic.


  So so so disappointed with this phone. Absolute waste of money. They say that it’s ‘Apple certified’ but the screen was definitely NOT Apple. It was a cheap screen with awful saturation and poor response when touched. Battery life is shockingly bad too. Nothing new feeling about this phone. Don’t get sucked in by the price. You are wasting your money.


  Bought the phone renewed so was expecting it to look used. Wasn't expecting a cracked screen, Broken colour grading because a cheap new screen had been fitted, a dent in the glass on the front and the phone so broken the configuration was completely broken. Have never returned an item on Amazon before but I was absolutely horrified this item was sent out as ( RENEWED ) Completely broken. What a scam.


  Battery life at 81% and was dropping to 0% in 30 minutes. I had to replace it with a new one from a local ifixit.Screen with blurred colours, obviously it was replaced with a noname one.Full of scratches at the backFinally and most annoying defect is that while you speak screen remains on and you accidentally press multiple buttons and makes it impossible to talk.


  Faulty phone, screen orientation doesn't work and phone shows other problems


  Is not renew is 2 hand and with to many marks


  I doesnt have headphones and it's not unlocked


  Im so sad because i cant use this phone any moreOn December I bought this phone.On April I changed buttery for 40 poundsOn May the phone was broken because of Tip problem and the date was lost.I asked repair shop and he said" This is Tip problem. I opened and checked inside, the inside was replaced to worse part so they cant fix it.... ''


  They're selling iPhones which have a known defect recognised by Apple. Once you turn aeroplane mode on and off once, you can no longer use mobile data even after reinitialising the iPhone. Furthermore, the speakers sounded tinny.


  Seller very helpful when first iPhone had a fault with the camera. Agreed to buy a second as could not be without a phone and then return the first one for a refund. 2nd one arrived as planned and was just about to return the first one when the second one stopped working completely. Phones look brand new but it seems the quality of the technical refurbishment is very poor.


  Battery life was poor - drained to zero in a few hours.  Went to Apple store to replace battery and they informed me that the phone was water damaged (indicated by red spot in SIM tray) and they could not change battery.  Returned to Amazon.  Checking for water damage is easy - the seller should do this.


  This is a renewed phone. Battery fails to hold charge and shuts down at 15%. Camera frequently fails to focus. Will be returning phone as faulty.


  Fake PhoneNot recommendedTwo black lines across screenVolume buttons doesn’t work


  This phone cannot receive calls nor can I make a call with itIt was a dreadful purchase


  Bought refurbished, and the battery life is extremely bad. Contacted Apple and they said the battery is very degraded! Now I have various issues despite never dropping the iphone, including blurry camera and the phone not detecting a sim. If SUPREME MOBILE UK can contact me to replace or fix this, that would be great.


  I’ve returned the phone back to them twice, they still have the phone (iPhone 7) it’s never worked properly. They have my phone and my money. Bought it end of May for my wife. It’s now 12 September


  Shocking! Never buy a refurbished phone. This phone has all old apps, photos, contacts, internet history. To top it off it’s over heated the first time I’ve charged it. Screen is scratched and not that it matter but the box it came it has that dents and scratches it looks like an antique.


  After a few days screen stopped working... But quick response from the seller and problem solved


  Took this into an Apple store when I couldn’t get it working. Upon review the product didn’t have an Apple part in any of its make up. Screen, battery, casing the whole thing was non Apple product. Very poor.


  Did not come with ‘all relevant accessories’. No charging plug only a cable. No headphone converter.


  I've had two phones from this company after the original phone I bought was faulty. The second phone was exposed to some water for five minutes and broke. When an engineer opened it up he said that the phone was missing waterproof seal's and there was two screws rolling around unattached. This product is not sold as advertised, AVOID!


  Buyur Returns DepartmentUnits 11-15 Lancaster FieldsCREWECW1 6FFDon't buy from this company. They are selling poor and not working items and then refuse to cover them with warranty. They blame you for it and then you will lose your money.


  DO NOT buy, claims parts are amazon certified but i have encountered countless problems with this phone such as a dodgey touch screen, not charging properly, poor fucntioning... would have rated 0 the only reason i have given 1 is because of the swift refund... (after being stressed out with such a poor phone).


  Got extremely hot seconds after turning on.Cheap replacement screen is unresponsive down the right hand side rendering it completely useless.Don't know how amazon can put their name to this its a total embarrassmentJust keep scrolling on and don't bother wasting your time.


  I am very disappointed phone was locked by another network even though I was advised that the phone was unlocked. The overall condition of the phone was ok but never got a chance to use it.


  The box i received was completely empty with no phone in it or anything else


  This item was faulty when it arrived and would not connect to cellular service. I sent it back for a refund but the seller refused and just returned the faulty phone to me! It has taken me around 10 phone calls to eventually sort this out with Amazon. I would advise avoiding this seller at all costs.


  I brought this phone for my son on 19th February 2020 and today it has just for no reason at all it has stopped working and it cost nearly 200 pounds and for that price I would expect this product to still be working so I would like to know if it is still under warranty so what could do about it


  This is refurbished phone and Chinese parts In it which are not even original by Apple.I want my money back or send me original iPhone 7 with original Apple parts.


  Fast delivery phone seemed great. Set it up everything fine until I received a call! Could not hear the other called. Speaker button greyed our. Googled this to find it is a common hardware fault with iPhone 7, returned for refund.


  The microphone broke within days which meant I could not make or receive calls. The seller ignored my messages . Avoid , do not waste your money.


  Faulty device can’t activate despite being restored to latest version of iOS through iTunes, also has non original Apple screen which doesn’t quite fit and leaves a sharp edge. Not a great endorsement of an amazon refurbished product


  This phone started with little issues that I felt would just go away with a short time, then other issues started up which wasnt bareable anymore for a phone which was purchased only 4 months ago, can tell that this seller knew the phone had issues i will never buy refurbish phones again, not the best deal.


  Got this phone expecting it to be rose gold and when it arrived it was a baby pink phone. Not a good look forca 21 year old man.... very disappointed


  This had severe signal/reception problems, and even when I sent it away to get a replacement, the new one still does not work! This is ridiculous!


  Very disapointed to find the screen warped to the point that it was not possible to install a screen protector. I work abroad and was more disapointed that i did not have the time to send the pone back. This is not what one would expect when buying a new phone.


  I have emailed them twice and had no reply, the phone doesn't  hold its charge at all, and the charging point is a hit and miss when it come to charging it, I got the phone for my 11 year old who is starting high school di we can keep in touch ect. Please help


  Don't fall for this Amazon renewed rubbish. It's just second-hand nothing more.


  I wouldn’t actually give my purchase any stars at all.This phone arrived locked and when I searched for the ID of this phone I found that there was a good chance it was either blacklisted or stolen


  I bought the phone be thinking from amazon they'd be no problem and the phine didn't work the the micro sim was corrupt and would cost €90 to fix in a shop or send back to Italy at my expense


  It was fine for a week, Then after that the microphone stopped working and no one can hear me. Then the battery life is low. And now the camera keeps freezingI have asked for a refund and they said they will repair it which isn't what I want.


  This was okay for the first month then while using the key pad it would add random letters then the apps would start jumping from one to another. I’ve been told there’s a problem with the digitiser on the screen


  Had to replace battery


  phone stopped working didn't even have it for a month and it stopped working had to send back apparently its charging port that's broke  and its tricky to fix technician is working onit still waiting onit ??? not happy at all with this


  Every think worked apart the microphone and the little speak at the top of the phone so you could make or revive phone calls not good


  I received a extremely bad iPhone 7 in October, the battery was really bad, the phone over heats and screen was not responsive as normal.


  I bought that phone six months ago and now is not working at all! On top of that I m trying to contact with the customer service and a guy with name Stan was extremely rude without even trying to provide me any options. The worst customer service that I ever had.


  I brought this phone on 8th of February and my phone is stuck on the Apple logo and I would like to return it and get a replacement. Plz inform me on how to do this


  Flashlight doesn’t work while recording on video and nobody can hear me when I put the phone on load speaker which is really annoying, apart from that everything else is ok


  The phone didn’t function properly as the home button didn’t work and required several resets before it’d even connect to a computer to setup.


  Rubish!! Failed after 1 year and 2 months use. Very disapointed :-( DO NOT BUY !!!


  It broke couple of months of me having it


  I have returned this item aside worked for 3 weeks then refused to charge. We count turn the phone back on. I returned the item last week and am still waiting to hear.I sent an email to the seller today.


  It worked for a while then it wouldn't chargeThe charger was fine but the phone was messed up. Had to return it.


  The phone does not work.. shocking for the price ive had no refund or anything disgusted


  I have received apple from from your amazon site..within 2 weeks of use battery needs changing and it’s very slow..am very disappointed because it’s not a good product at all and I have been trying to contact you for last 3 weeks and no help at all


  It had a problem on the microphone, people couldn’t here me, I sent it back.


  I don't know. It didn't arrive


  Well it was a good price but for me the phone only lasted 2 weeks before I had to send it back due to a hardware fault


  When purchased the phone worked well but in the first four months the camera would no longer focus and now nine months on the sound no longer works. We are going to try to claim on the warranty but will have to wait and see.


  Rubbish battery life and damaged pixels on the screen. I’d at least expect the screen to in good working order and would have been happy to pay a tenner for a new battery to be fitted whilst being ‘renewed’.


  Received item and couldn’t set up due to battery dying after five minutes. This continued and battery clearly faulty as the phone switched on and off every five minutes. Returned and refunded. Disappointing.


  Paid 200pnd  won't charge up Neva worked since a git it rubbish x


  The phone arrived faulty. Impossible to write a text. Apps open and close when they like.They're happy to "fix it" for you but they won't send a replacement.Worst purchase ever.


  Battery is useless. Doesn’t last more than a few hours with low use.You’d be better off buying new.


  Very pleased with the condition of this iPhone when it arrived and spent most a good deal of time setting it up from my iCloud account only to find later at night that the volume control didn’t. Very disappointed.


  Not only have I been sent an iphone with a corrupted battery, they also expect me to pay for it to be returned to them. This is NOT acceptable!!


  It did not work as it should have and it was supposed to be picked up on Monday 17/08 but it was not. Could you tell me when it will be picked up for returning so my refund can be put in my bank account?


  Not working


  Unfortunately the phone would not work with 3 different SIM cards and will be returned tomorrow.Naturally I was very diss appointed with the product  and expect a full refund.s


  Phone was not unlocked and required a passcode. It was also not restored and I had to manually restore it with assistance from Apple support. Even then the phone would not activate because it is linked to another persons apple account. Extremely disappointed


  It's been a month since I bought the phone and they still haven't solved it. I don't have a phone or money.i want my phone.i've been waiting for over four months.and a shame.


  The camera didn’t focus and weird screen colours.


  What a disappointment, this phone wasn’t “open” to any network!!!! Won’t buy again.


  It doesn’t allow me to call people at times or send messages/ voice notes. Apps freeze.Battery doesn’t last long.Amazon said this would act like new but it’s clearly defective.


  Phone came in terrible condition scratches on the screen Sim card slot broken Battery life terrible dies within an hour and half  phone extremely slow like using an old iPhone


  Broke after 2 months  took it in apple shop to see if it could be repaired but there was a fault in it grand daughter was devastated as she had used her savings to pay for it


  phone would not charge up after setting up and transferring all my info had to transfer it back to the old phone and send the phone back to the supplier was not very happy about it


  I dislike the product. Doesn’t work properly and battery doesn’t  last


  The speaker is broke so can’t hear or talk on it really not impressed


  Not happy with this phone was bought for my son for his christmas present and the screen is popping in and out of the handset and i carnt get intouch with the seller so im not happy atall


  Very poor phone did not work on Apple Pay sent it back got the same phone back and still did not work waiting for a refund now


  This mobile phone is broke it had lasted 4 weeks. I would like a refund please it wont charge properly, the back of it is not an iphone back. And there is no soundJulie Poole


  The screen was replaced with something cheap not quality That can not go as bright or have the same colours. Really notice when side by side with the same phone with a good screen


  Battery life is terrible - despite this product being advertised as up to 70% of new state.I even can't go a full day with limited use without this phone dying :(


  Unfortunately the screen is not working properly. It’s obviously a poor replacement. It wasn’t the best quality


  Arrived and couldnt even get past the apple logo screen, it kept rebooting and making dead coloured screens. Totally broken and defunct, wasted over 200 pounds. Ridiculous.


  The volume button broke within a day, the battery life lasted about 6 hours after a fullCharge, and the microphone didn’t work so made phone calls very challenging!


  Do not buy a refurbished phone. This one failed and Apple were not able to fix it saying it is not under their warranty.


  the phone came locked and that was not made clear


  Product was immaculate except for one small thing - intermittent home button functionality, then just died.


  Takes a while t come on, and very warm to touch when charging, will be returning this item....the overall condition was good just unfortunately it didn’t work properly.


  Very disappointed. Phone keeps cutting out.when someone rings the phone only rings once and I go to answer it it cuts out again.i have e-mailed the seller about this.im very unhappy .


  The battery is weak and the charger is really cheap. It’s not worth buying


  The phone seemed fine at first but then had many battery problems. Within the first few hours it was shutting down and not working. Now it starts but barely charges. Would not buy!


  Touch screen was playing about on 1st week of buying the device


  Do not buy from this seller, sent a 32GB instead of 128GB very low battery life does not connect properly to mobile or iTunes.


  My phone is no longer working after 9-months and it is very unclear how I am able to benefit from the Amazon 1-year renewed Guarantee. Can you please provide info.


  After one week this phone started glitching and I had to request a refund In the meantime I am without a phone! Really disappointing


  Wasted whole day to change iPhone then after update received sim card not supported message


  Phone not fit for purpose had problems from day one. Phone keeps crashing and switching on and off.


  After much wasted time and visits to phone shop the iPhone turned out to be faulty and has been returned to supplier


  ITS NOT GOOD! It broke in the first week of purchase! It cracks easily and has a terrible battery!


  Speaker is terrible, microphone dosent work properly. But can’t send back as I won’t have a phone to use 


  Ive received this phone and i was under the impression that is was unblocked and i cant get on it please phone me 07940327590


  I carnt hear when I answer or make calls and have to have it on speaker phone, so not happy


  This phone is terrible. Overheats and hangs constantly. I would like a refund for this mess or an exchange. This is not fair at all!


  The product had a screen fault as soon as it was switched on.  Clearly not treated as advertised.  Disappointed to say the least!


  Bought this phone, turns off, freezes, volume when on a call is very quiet not happy I didn’t pay £220 for it to be like this


  Don't buy, the battery life packs up perfectly 1 year after warranty. Won't charge - useless.


  Consistent problems with thisApple suggesting this is an American device so won’t touch it in the UKTerrible.


  not buy this phone.  the bad thing doesn't work and they don't return it with money


  DO NOT BUY was sold phone from the faulty batch from the A1660 model you will not have service on this phone.


  Phone came with a large scratch in the screen and randomly turns off which makes it unusable


  Faulty home button, phone very slow at responding, problems with voice call


  Product arrived late, Amazon’s fault, phone was NOT UNLOCKED, painful. Do not recommend


  Do not buy, not genuine parts. Would not issue a refund when mobile signal would not work. Dreadful


  stopped working for no reason after 3 months. they wouldnt honour warranty


  Crappy customer service. Sold me a dead phone and refuses to help me! Do not buy. Horrible people


  It doesn’t work. Cost me a lot of money for my sons birthday. Definitely not happy


  The phone didn’t work and never turned on, even after a full day of being charged.


  Phone arrived locked when should have been unlocked. Seller customer service awful. Amazon are refunding. Avoid seller


  Microphone does not work and battery make joke. I do not advice this product at all!


  Do NOT order this! I ordered this and the phone was extremely faulty .


  Non standard show different the battery life is very poor.


  Their not that reliable for long term and we faced a lot of issues.dont recommend


  Terrible, turn up with the screen completely smashed and colouring on the screen


  Charger does not work at all. Phone will not recognize the charger.


  im peed off as phone doesnt work and cant get through to you people at amazon


  It’s stopped working after few weeks !!!


  A faulty model was sent so the phone was constantly searching or no service


  This item arrived as a charger and 2 bottles of body wash! No phone! Avoid


  they phone slows down and freezes doesnt let me take photos its freezes


  the battery does not hold the line loses the microphone does not work


  Refund received for faulty product


  It didn’t work I had to send it back for a refund


  Battery runs out very quickly and sometimes turns of randomly


  This phone has stopped working after ten months.


  Avoid this seller, disgusting should be removed from amazon


  It broke in the first week cost me £70 to repair,not happy.


  It worked for 3 days then stoped working !I have returned the item.


  This product stopped working after a couple of months use


  Phone I received was not unlocked. Useless


  This item is blocked and I need the key to unlock  and use it .Please I need to be solved as soon as possible.


  SPEAKER ON THE PHONE NO ONE CAN HEAR ME


  when i call people with it the can't hear me


  IT BROKE AFTER 2 DAYS!


  Damaged


  The phone I recently bought heats up with in a minutes while using


  Battery 75%


  Not great


  I want this the money


  Phone no service


  No


  It didnt work


  Not original


  Very disappointed.I've received a used iPhone,I pay for Apple iPhone 7 SIM-Free Smartphone Rose Gold 128GB (Certified Refurbished) (New) big deep scratches on the screen,battery health (beta) 86%No paper work inside the envelope,  no receipt


  when I received the phone for the first 2 days was working fine, after that the phone start to shut down with reason the touch screen isNot working WiFi had problems on conecting. Don’t buy it is awful


  Do not buy, not worth it buying refurb, especially from this company. Firstly the phone arrived in terrible packaging and only came with an aftermarket cable. Secondly the phone took nearly an hour to turn on and as if this wasnt bad enough the microphone and ear speaker did not work at all, even after taking it to the genius bar at apple. Whenever i tried to make a call no one could hear me on the other side and i could not hear them. With the microphone being faulty siri and voice memos also did not work. No audio for apps such as whattsapp, snapchat, Instagram etc. Could tell that this was a broken phone being resold as "like new". Still waiting on seller to get back to me for a return. Absolutely apaulling and nog worth wasting your money on.


  Was not made clear this phone was locked.


  The NFC not working due to a hw fault so can't use apple pay function - very dissapointed waste of money


  I dislike....because my touchscreen is not always work


  Received an immaculate iPhone 7 and cable. Well boxed and fast service.However, it is a Faulty phone. 3D not working at all. How was a certified Apple product released with a fault?Arranged return.


  Really disappointed, I’ve now bought 2 refurbished iPhone 7s from different sellers and there’s been a problem with the NFC chip that can’t be fixed. So no Apple Pay and no ability to use with the Freestyle Libre, which was the reason for the purchase.However, both suppliers did refund the money.


  My phone was received by post but did not include plug or headphones I am wondering why this has happened


  The phone won’t work and has no service !!! Need to think about complaining / returning this. I have read that this phone with it’s serial number may have come from China and Apple will need to repair ??Don’t think you should purchase a phone


  Phone would switch itself off 20 times a day. No response from seller.


  Please I didn't place this order it was my grandson.l dont went so I will return it back as soon as  it's  arrive here.Ruby Mensah Thanks


   Updated: phone broke after 3 months. It was a gift so it was really sad because it broke during Christmas. Tried to return it with no luck. Tried to fix it but when I gave it to the service person told me it was downed and re-newed and it is impossible to fix... shame, I was initially excited.I think people don’t change reviews after initial few weeks and hence it’s not known those might be faulty. At the time I bought it warranty was 3 months... and I broke exactly after it passed.Here is my original review:I was scared and sceptical but this is actually good phone! One minor scratch and issue with catching network. I give it a try few days and let’s see.


  Bought a 'renewed' phone which was cosmetically perfect and worked in all respects except the main one it was intended for, making calls. The microphone didn't function properly and people on the receiving end could only hear a faint or muffled voice. We tried swapping round a few times, and it was the same for everyone. I would be very wary of buying a so-called renewed phone as a present, because clearly the testing process is not always as thorough as some sellers would have you believe. Either the original iPhone 7 product is just error prone or corners are being cut.The best you can do to improve your chances of getting a working phone is to buy from sellers with the best feedback, as there is a choice. In my case, I chose a fulfilled by Amazon product, which at least made the return easier, but nevertheless, the process is still frustrating, inconvenient and disappointing , with no compensation for the trouble or even an apology. To be honest, it has put me off buying a phone from this site again.


  The iPhone was in the “refurbished” section on Amazon who state that this means “looks like and works like new” the battery capacity was only 89% and the screen decides when it does and doesn’t work... as to how it was “refurbished” I do not know!


  After a few days the phone stopped working. I got in touch with Apple who ran diagnostics and confirmed that the antenna was broken and that was the reason why the phone could not connect to a network or make and receive calls.The main problems were with the trader - Ultimo Electronics. After returning my phone I constantly had to chase them up to find out what was happening. They did not return calls as promised & simply didn’t answer the phone most of the time. They sent an email confirming they would send me a replacement iPhone (after me chasing) but did not give a timeframe. Again I had to chase several times. After a week they told me they had no iPhones left in stock yet they were advertising & selling the same model on Amazon. I called them again to ask why they couldn’t sent me one of those. I just got fobbed off time & again. In the end I asked for a refund (via Amazon) which arrived 48hrs later. Very disappointed with the poor customer service. I would not recommend this company.


  I purchased an renewed iPhone 7 from this seller in February 2019.  The phone appeared to be fine and it worked for 10 months and it then developed a fault which meant it would not make calls.  Although it was covered by Amazon's 1 year guarantee as explicit described on the website, I took the phone into an Apple Store to see if it was a simple repair.  Apple inspected the phone and they informed me that the phone was in no way a renewed/refurbished one.  It contained many fake parts and everything about the phone was problematic including the colour as according to the serial number is should have been Rose Gold in colour whereas mine was Gold in colour.  I have raised this issue with Amazon and asked for a refund under their 1 year guarantee but to date Amazon are saying that I should take the phone to the manufacturer and they are refusing a refund even thought the phone has developed a fault within the 1 year guarantee period and the phone received was in no way as described.


  Disappointing and false advertising. The item description claims “Any repairs are made with Apple components that are new, or reused and in like-new condition.“ suggesting they are legitimate Apple parts, however on receiving the phone and taking to Apple to have a screening, they confirmed the battery, buttons, screen, and back plate of the phone are third party replica parts. This may not seem like a big deal as the phone looks great and you get a years warranty, however Apple and many other repair shops will never ever touch a phone with a third party battery in for repairs, even if the repair is not related to the battery!!


  I received an iPhone 7 - no scratches, 100% battery life, an additional plug, and cord.  I have been using it for about a month now - no issues.- Since writing this review I have had to replace the battery.  I got the phone in January, two months on the battery suddenly degraded.  I took it to the apple store and they replaced it for a fee as it didn't have a warranty.  They found that various components of the phone (the display battery, camera, and enclosure) were not apple products.  I ordered an apple product and I expected the phone to contain only apple components.  This is not the product I ordered - if you are going to sell a product that isn't 100% Apple you should list it rather than mislead customers.


  The phone was in excellent condition on the surface. However the screen had been replaced and the microphone was broken. The screen was an inferior screen which had to be pressed harder than normal. The screen wasn’t sealed properly to the chassis either which caused the corners to lift up slightly. I sent the phone back and received a full refund. Faultless customer service though.


  The seller refunded without delay, which was good. Unfortunately the phone didn't work and hadn't had any sort of basic user test. If it had been switched on then it would be clear that it didn't work. It clearly isn't an 'as new' product as advertised and should not be advertised as such.


  Extremely bad experience with the seller. Bought the phone then 4 months later the phone developed a problem. Contacted seller and was told to return it and will refund postage and never refunded until Amazon intervened. Seller returned the phone with same problem and contacted the seller again. Via email seller said return the phone for refund but this changed later and told the policy doesn’t refund 7 months old phone. But these months added while spending 3 months going backwards and forwards. I am still waiting for my refund as I don’t want seller’s phone ever again rather sacrificed a brand new which I already did.Seller doesn’t deserve space on amazon as I had bad experience while needing the phone for my online university learning.I am gutted 


  Do not buy this product. They sell faulty products. This phone stopped working after 9 months and the battery is stuck at 1% and the phone kept switching itself off. Eventually, it stopped switching on at all. I took it to a repair shop to have a look and they said the parts they use inside the phone are fake and faulty, not genuine Apple.Do not buy. Pay a little extra and buy the phone from Apple itself.


  This phone works for 2 weeks then keeps restarting and turning on randomlyThis phone is fakeIt keeps overheating and turning offDo not buy


  Paid £229.99 4 months ago. Battery gets very hot and because it’s more than 30 days old they won’t replace it. It’s 4 months old I bought it 21st December. I am very unhappy and would like a refund.


  Go carefully when buying refurbished / renewed  items.  I purchased this and it developed a fault.  I took this into Apple store and they said it was fake.  Please check all serial numbers etc.


  The phone received was a 6s and not a 7, furthermore updates that are received cannot be activated as the phone seems not to install the update.  Battery life doesn’t last long, all in all not a purchase I would make again from Amazon


  The phone was sold to me then became unuseable after a few days.  Apple was unable to recognise it and suggested that is was blocked after I bought it.  It would not work without an update and would not update because it was blocked allegedly by the seller.  Total rip off.


  DO NOT BUY! It worked perfectly for 14 months, than it simply stopped working. It is impossible to repair and the seller refuses to reimburse (the warranty covers only 12 months).Absolutely not recommended.


  Hi,Very disappointed with the condition of the phone.


  They sent for me whitout box and headphones. Do not buy please.


  Phone delivered with multiple faults. Refund too a long time after return.


  Stopped working after short amount of time. Rubbish


  Selfie camera blurred. Torch didn’t work. I returned this.


  The battery I got running out of energy only after few hours!

