
  I'd be wary of purchasing refurbished Apple products again. We took the phone we received to an Apple Store as we experienced some issues with the screen. They informed us that they could not handle the phone or trade in as their diagnostic report showed that it had non-apple parts in it. Thankfully the phone appears to have sorted itself out now. But I personally would not buy a refurbished Apple product again - I would buy a new one for peace of mind and trade in value.


  I was very impressed with the appearance of the phone; basically new with only a small, barely visible scratch one side. Phone functions well, however a major complaint is the battery life. Although some battery damage is to be expected (according to the phone, mine was estimated at 82% capacity), the battery was extremely poor, with a 5 minute Skype call completely draining it from 60% to 10%. I am very disappointed with how fast other tasks such as watching videos or taking pictures drain the battery, with several percentages visibly decreasing within less than a minute. Overall, I would still recommend this product as the phone functions well and is extremely affordable, but others should be aware of this before purchasing.


  I bought this phone just under three months ago as a quick replacement after my cat knocked the old one flying. It arrived within a day or two, nicely packaged, and looked immaculate. I was expecting it to be at least a little scuffed, but I can honestly say it looked almost brand new, which was great. I charged it up, checked the battery health (99%), and got going. It worked perfectly, though it was locked to the O2 network, which I didn’t mind. In itself, the iPhone 7 is decent and still up-to-date, and I’m happy with it.Buuuut now, after less than three months of light use — some phone calls and browsing Amazon, Googling things I should already know, etc. — I have a message saying my battery health is “significantly degraded” and I’m lucky if it lasts 30-40 minutes for a phone call. I never have Bluetooth enabled, or background refresh, or a million tabs open, or anything that is a known battery-killer, and I’m careful not to leave it charging once it’s finished, nor do I charge it when I’m in the middle of using it (unless I expect my phone call to last more than half an hour, because then I have to). Even when it’s left overnight, wi-fi disconnected, nothing going on, it’s still dropped by around 40%, come morning.Each refurbished phone will vary widely by seller, with some being genuine, and some fake. I believe I got a genuine Apple product, in excellent cosmetic condition, which runs smoothly and still updates with the latest iOS, but the battery could barely compete with a Smart Price AAA that I borrowed from the TV remote. Beware the risks.


  This product is really good and it works completely fine. However, I bought a case along with a screen protector and when he I dropped the phone the screen cracked sooo much. I contacted the seller about my 1 year warranty for my screen to be fix but I didn’t get a reply in over 3 weeks.


  The phone came in good working order, I thought it was great. But a few things, I’ve had an issue with the service where it’s says unable to connect to service. Still has this problem so if anyone knows how to fix that would be great. I’m not sure if that’s down to the phone or the sim. Didn’t come with headphones which was sort of disappointing


  Great refurbishment. Immaculate screen, perfectly clean too. The battery was appalling though it has to be said. Doesn’t charge properly (yes, I’ve used various cables and outlet/plugs). Discharges 40/50% faster than my previous 5 year old 6sWhen buying a refurbished product be prepared to spend the extra money to finish buying other parts that should have been replaced


  Battery life lasts 4 hours max with light usage - poor! Then, when listening to music the battery visibly drains a percentage point every 10-15 seconds.I appreciate that description states that battery life can be degraded, but this far from unacceptable as the phone is basically useless unless you carry a charger bank with you all the time.Jaime in customer service suggests that this is ‘expected’ which is pretty bad customer service and there isn’t anything they can do.Thanks Jaime!


  I’m not happy with the product I have received and when I phoned to ask what I can do about the broken/ already damaged features, the advise I was given was not clear. I was referred to apple when I wanted a refund yet apple didn't sell me the phone, amazon did.The phones microphone is temperamental and hardly works. Since purchase, the microphone, which is used whilst on speaker phone or used when recording videos cuts out and give the videos bad quality audio.As well as the phones microphone, the phone rattles when it vibrates. Not happy! Every text I get the phone rattles as if something inside the phone is loose or vibrating onto something.Both malfunctions have been so since purchase.I am not happy with the product or the service.


  Bought for grandson- over priced in my view


  Touch screen a bit odd, obviously the problem was with the screen so it's been renewed. Phone itself warms up quite easily so at first, I wanted to send it back but then I decided to keep it as long as it works. It's been a month and no issues yet :)


  Body have scratches. Requesting refund


  At first the phone looks and feels like new and works well. Once I cracked the screen and went on repairing it, I noticed that inside the battery was not held into place by adhesive, it was missing the film/rubber that is around the edges to make it water resistant, one screw was loose, and was missing a metal plate that is supposed to protect the cables going from the screen to the main board.Feels like a rushed and approximate job on renewing  it. I am not sure I would buy it again.


  Worked perfect out of the box, came with a lightning wire, plug, and SIM tool. Looks new, feels new. If I hadn’t been told it was refurbished I would have thought it was new. Had to restart to get the microphone to work so something to look out for.Edit from 19/2/20 I have to restart my device every day as often phone calls don’t work or the camera won’t record or take photos. I have never dropped this phone. It’s a major inconvenience


  Bought this renewed, was pleasantly surprised on the condition. All except two dead pixels that have been annoying.Cant put on your box ‘better than new’ thats just silly and you guys never mentioned the two dead pixels just cosmetic damage so quite disappointed


  Have only had this phone a few months I put a screen protector on it and had a case on it. It fell out of my hands onto the table not a great fall but found the protector and the screen cracked!!


  This product came faulty but seller refunded me in full. Resolved very quick with thanks. Phone came in very good condition but had a software problem.


  Unfortunately the one I got had issues with the battery overheating! Was good for a year before it did this. I think it’s potluck on these things.


  Great product,speedy delivery.no problems one month down


  Unfortunately I’ll be returning this phone. The speaker doesn’t work , nobody can hear me when they call and the battery is rubbish. Checked battery health on the phone settings and it says battery is in ‘critical’ State and needs urgent attention from Apple store. Won’t use this refurb service again.


  Good product as described outwardly but then the earpiece volume is outrageously low! Have tried everything possible settings-wise to fix it without any luck.  I believe this is a defect from the seller and will be glad if this problem can be fixed for me.  Thanks!


  phone is in good condition but has come locked to a specific carrier and it hard to sort out as i dont know hat carrier its locked to :)


  I’m a bit disappointed with the phone I was told I phones were the best I don’t think so now


  Good condition


  Not great, got a refund


  I was informed that this phone would be easy for me to use but my eyesight tells me something different I could not use it because the characters are too small even on large magnification


  Phone doesn't work no service at all


  Good except the  battery life which is really bad


  After having the phone working perfectly fine for 2-3 months the screen became less responsive. But still a great phone and lovely condition. Could just be a manufacturers error


  Great product however did not receive the full package as was missing the charger wire as listed in details. I messaged the seller and was just ignored. Phone is great though


  iPhone not as good as expected. It was stuck in Spanish for two days when it arrived. Quite slow and touch screen in slow too. Charger did not work that was sent with iPhone


  Just a shame about the battery life really!!


  The phone I received was in good condition with minimal marks or scratches. However the touch screen is a bit dodgy and doesn’t work on certain areas of the screen.


  Phone is ok, but charger cable doesn’t work


  The phone itself is very good very little wrong with it  apart from a few marks here and there only problem was the sound is a bit funny but you can still hear things but  certain songs fluctuate


  Everything in order apart from the battery which appears degraded. Additional cost fir me to replace it? Or your warranty covers it? Thanks.


  Had to go to a shop to unlock it for £40overall phone legitmatehavent had it for too long to know about battery life


  Unfortunately the battery is not great. It drops quite fast but not instantly.


  After 3 days the phone started to randomly shut off. Ive thrown it in the  trash and brought a new Samsung


  Great phone


  The battery it’s not working very well, I have one contact charger and not working..


  Not in the condition what was expected, but seller communication very good


  Only issue was that microphone seems fuzzy for recipients


  Call volume in internal speaker is very low...Poor in quality check.


  It looks like it has been used before. There wasn’t headphones, and the charger head.


  Battery life disappointing.


  Needs repairs in the sim place to be receive the local web net cost £ 50


  Broke down after 7 months bought it for my daughters birthday she is quite disappointed


  Brilliant condition


  Sound tinny and not as I expected


  Only bad thing is the battery goes down very fast

