
  I purchased the Dot simply as a tool to use Alexa to control Spotify on my Bose system via my Wi-Fi. Now I use spotify with no trouble on my Bose system and reading the dot's description saying it can play spotify as well as Amazon's own music service, I thought great and purchased it.Today, it arrived. It is a nice small handy unit. I eventually got it working after a lot of issues with the alexa app. Now, this is where the Dot fails. I managed to link the Dot to my Bose soundtouch system. However, it kept saying that the service that it was using was Amazon music. So, i went into the alexa settings and found the choice of Amazon or spotify. I selected Spotify, but this did not do the trick. Eventually, I was told by Amazon online chat, that it is not compatible with Bose but only with Echo and the Sonos. I did not want  to purchase a new sound system as I am happy with what I have now.Before I gave up, I tried one last time. Instead of wi-fi, I tried bluetooth. I paired up the two devices and success the Dot now plays through my Bose system via bluetooth and not the Echo Dot. I wish the online help agent that assisted with me had said that I could use bluetooth. So now I can use both Amazon music and Spotify. Ok, to answer any questions you may have. I have both because I already had spotify and Amazon music was on Black Friday 3 months for 99p. So it was my chance to see which is a better streaming service.It lost one star for the rudeness of the agent.UPDATE: I cancelled my spotify account and I use Amazon unlimited. There is still an issue, one that is now making me regret keeping the alexas ( I got another one as a present) I tell Alexa to play a specific group or a song. One that I know is in the Amazon music library, the Alexa will sometimes say it is there, but 75% of the time, it will either say it cannot find the group/album/song or will play something totally unrelated to what I asked it.I have now have resorted to just using either the Bose app or the Alexa app. I have given up on asking the Alexa units to do anything other than the weather or turning lights on.Also, I am slowly coming off of streaming music and have discovered the beauty of vinyl records and I have assembled an old 90's seperates. Seems the old stuff is better.


  I don't know if it's the fault of the device itself, or Alexa. She cannot understand 90% or more of what is said to her. Ask her to turn on the "Bedroom" light and she'll either tell you she can't understand you or turn on the kitchen light most of the time. I'm a native English speaker. We try doing this question of the day thing that they do and you have to repeat yourself half a dozen times every time being sure to pause before enunciating every syllable because she's a complete failure -- even with doing that there's an unacceptably high chance she'll understand the WRONG thing. I've never had an issue with either Google or Siri, never had to repeat myself, and have made a terrible mistake giving Alexa a try.  Amazon will charge you to return it, so save yourself the trouble and don't even buy one to begin with. It's a lemon.


  I bought this to listen to radio stations, but after an hour of use I'm so disappointed as most of the stations I have tried simply do not work.  I have been listening to "As It Happens", which is a popular programme on CBC Radio One in Canada.  It airs around tea-time in Canada which is great for me in the UK as it's late evening here, and as Canada is so big, the programme restarts each hour because of the different time-zones across Canada which means if I miss the start, I can catch it an hour later! :-)  However, trying to hear a variety of CBC Radio One locations simply gives CBC Radio One Saskatoon, or a completely different station altogether!  TuneIn, who supply the database used by the Dot aren't interested in fixing this which makes the device useless for me.Also, the Dot tells the time in 12-hour format and this can't be changed which is VERY annoying as I've been using 24-hour format since I was 7 or 8 years old.  The only way to get the time in 24-hour-format is to ask "Alexa, what time is it in military format?" which is a pain.My Dot is going back which is a shame as it COULD have been useful, but in its present state is just a paperweight...an expensive paperweight!** UPDATE 12 DEC 2018 **Amazon contacted me following my review and told me that I could download the CBC Radio skill for Alexa which gave me a lot of hope!  I rushed home from work, tried to install it from the Alexa Skills website and found that I couldn't - it can only be installed by users in Canada! :(Also, since the device updated itself I'm having to shout at it quite loudly even from a metre away or it doesn't respond.  Clearly not really fit for my purpose :(Going back.


  Version 1 while wasn't as stylish, could be powered by any mini USB cable, Version 2 can only be powered by it's own dedicated power supply which means I've got one less socket in my ever expanding jungle of power cables, power adapters, chargers and power banks. In order to combat this, I upgraded all my power sockets to have integrated USB, for those small devices that would take it, freeing up an actual socket for the more power hungry devices. However, as the Version 2 cannot be powered by USB, this means I have to spend MORE money getting a power splitter or extension - NOT HAPPY!Version 3 is the bigger brother (litter ally!) of Version 1 which is about 12% bigger in size, a rather noticeable 120g heavier.While these fad-ish virtual assistants are supposed to enrich and enhance our lives through convenience, there is absolutely nothing convenient about how the device is powered!So my overall rating is 2 stars based on the chunkier size and lack of a universal power supply, I.E USB.


  Unfortunately, and entirely in contrast to every review I've seen for these, we had no luck getting this to work consistently for us.  It seemed that the dot could never hear us, even in a quiet environment and at close range.  It was very frustrating as this meant we were forced to repeat the wake word multiple times.  Also even when it did seem to "hear" us, it was quite slow to process our requests.  My husband and I did both go through the "learn my voice" thing so don't think that was the issue, but this issue made the whole thing worthless.  This was obviously compounded when Alexa (or a TV, washing machine, running water, kettle, etc) was making noise.  Far too often to get it to stop, we would just have to unplug it.  This was when the volume usually wasn't even that loud.Another note is that one of the main features that drew me to buying it was the Spotify app.  We found that this was really difficult to get exactly right.  Specifying a song or album by an artist was something we only rarely managed.  Often if you said something like "Alexa, play ____ album by _____" it would just start shuffling music by that artist.The other thing that was really annoying (for any podcast listeners out there) was the fact that if you used Alexa to start the Spotify app, there was no way I found to have it actually play at the speed you set it to.  I'm an avid podcast listener and thereby usually listen to most podcasts at at least 1.5x or 2x to get through them faster, and no matter what I couldn't get Alexa to do this.  The only workaround is just using your phone app and using Alexa as a speaker, but I found that more fiddly and annoying, as you could then only get her to play/pause or change the volume, but not advance to the next podcast, go back 15 seconds, or obviously, ask for a particular podcast to be started.What we did make a lot of use of was the timers function, but again found that the noise of the timer meant we often couldn't instruct Alexa to stop the timer.  This often resulted in the loud alert going off while my husband and I would shout at Alexa to stop, until one of us would just unplug the device.We were really excited about having this especially for when doing chores, etc to have music or podcasts played and controlled by voice, and sadly despite our best attempts, this just didn't work out for us.It's possible we got a dud, seeing as how we couldn't find anyone else having these issues like we did.  We watched lots of reviews on YouTube etc, and people could get Alexa to respond to them perfectly from more than triple the distance we would normally be from her, and had no issue with background noise.


  I received Echo Dot as a gift, I'd never pay that amount of money for it. The whole technology regardless of the brand is too immature for me and lacks certain safety features and raises to many privacy concerns. As an expensive toy maybe it's funny from time to time, but I'm using it for nothing more than a Spotify speaker and to check the weather forecast. It integrates well with my WiserHeat system, but I haven't found it practical yet other than asking about temperature. Funnily, when I ask Alexa about temperature she responds with temperature outside instead of temperature in the room where she is assigned to or both. Sign of immaturity.I'd find Alexa more practical in my car as long as I can really control my ToDo List or make notes as while driving I always suffer from inability to write down my thoughts. There no dedicated Echo for cars, however. Other products available doesn't work that well, mostly due to location of microphone. Some car manufacturers fit Alexa already, but I didn't have opportunity to test that.Unless I can safely tell my voice assistant to transfer money from my bank account to my friend or someone else as payment and confirm transaction with fingerprint in my phone I will treat this technology as a curio. For now as bilingual person I have to manually select songs in my native language on my phone, as there is not way to make Alexa understand titles in language other that English. I know Amazon is working hard on support of other languages, significant portion of that development takes place in Poland, but it requires a lot of water in Vistula River before understanding of language mixture will become possible.


  The voice recognition is very impressive and the result is quite a clever gadget. Where it falls flat on its nose is in the Bluetooth department. I have five different good quality Bluetooth speakers that do not require a code to pair - Roberts, Cambridge Audio, Ruark and two others. The Echo Dot 3rd Generation does not recognise any of them which is very annoying. So if you imagine that you will easily connect to a Bluetooth speaker that you happen to have - good luck to you! ### update ### I have now managed to get the device to recognise my speakers - most of the time, except when it doesn't want to! But it has another annoyance. It will suddenly decide that it has become disconnected from the internet. This is particularly annoying when there is no problem with the internet connection and the only way to solve the problem is to unplug the mains and the reboot the blessed thing. This means that if this happens overnight and you have an alarm set - tough! Which means it is not dependable for anything remotely important. So basically it's a clever toy and that's about it. I bought two of them thinking they would be useful for particular basic tasks, but the lack of dependability makes them pretty useless. If you have smart mains sockets with lamps in them, set to respond to simple on/off commands, and the Echo Dot decides to disconnect from the internet - you cannot turn them on or off! How useful is that?!


  Sound quality is not great, I know its a small speaker but I have much better sounding small speakers that are rich and full in sound and have a higher volume, when you turn the volume up its clearly strained and does not sound good,you have to be careful what to call your music playlists for alexa to understand and play them without having to repeat the request again and again (and I have voice learning on). Recently I’ve noticed a very slight constant static sound when its idle, which is much more noticable at night as its by my bedside. I bought two on prime day and the other I use as a voice input for my Heos 1 speaker, it was cheaper than buying the dedicated alexa voice input that amazon have, it does work but can be glitchy, its paired via Bluetooth and essentially adds alexa features to my better sounding room filling speaker, however it does sometimes have this intermittent click noise on my speaker when idle, also music can be jerky at times. In all they are not as good as I had hoped, theyre ok if you want alexa integration and have good quality speakers that you dont want to replace, Otherwise I wouldnt bother with them and buy better quality ones that have alexa built in.One other gripe I have is that you cant set alexas voice reply volume independently to the music volume, so if your listening to music at full volume and turn off the speaker, Alexa will be shouty and full volume until you lower it


  I have to admit, I did not buy this gadget. It came as a "freebie" from my I.S.P. and is something I probably wouldn't have thought of buying myself.Several of my relatives have aquired these machines in the same way as myself and all of them have the same problem as me, namely, what should I do with this thing?As a question and answer machine it lags a long way behind Google, many of the simple things I've asked produce the "I don't know that" answer.I don't need help to switch on my lights since I've been doing that since I could reach the switches on the wall and my heating is set for the season by my own hand, thankyou.I could go on, but on the positive side, once I had plugged it into my HiFi and improved the dreadful sound quality of the stand alone machine, I found I could get it to play a local radio station quite well. It also acts as a good egg timer.To be honest I think the main pupose of this gadget is to sell the accessories that can be attached to make it do something. It really is the answer to a problem that doesn't exist.If you are a gadget person (which I am not) you may find the Dot interesting, otherwise don't bother.


  The Dot comes without any instructions.  When I first set it up, I could not turn off the green/yellow light.  After searching on the internet I did eventually find that this signifies that there is a message waiting, I also found that it does the same for notifications of Amazon deliveries etc.  But it take a lot of hunting to get the right answer.  It may well be that I could solve my other problems, but I have better things to do with my life than trawling the internet for the right answer.  A basic manual would be extremely helpful.It feels solid and well made, and the sound is excellent considering its size.  However, it is lacking in so many areas.  It cannot tell me the time of the next train from our local station to Brighton, I ask it for the BBC news and it says playing, but there is no sound.  Similar experience when asking Alexa to play music.  I do however use the wake-up alarm, which is better than fiddling with a bedside radio alarm.  I also listen to audio books on my phone through the Echo Dot speaker.Overall it is less useful than expected. The good news is, it really is an amazing price £22 Black Friday sale), so in spite of its shortcomings, I guess I can't really complain.


  In theory this was a great idea. In a radio signal black spot, my 88 year old mum really misses her radio stations and so I bought one of these to stream radio for her. But the BBC have been in dispute with Amazon since August and all the work arounds online don't work with this device.  Neither the BBC nor Amazon are communicating, it would appear that they are at a stand off with each other and ignoring this major customer problem. A lot of people who could previously play the BBC through Alexa are very angry. I am hugely disappointed and frustrated.


  Absolutely wonderful little device with lots of fantastic features and a surprisingly good sound for such a small device but I have found one '' Very Big Problem '' that is driving me up-the-wall to the point I am thinking of retuning it.I love my music but defiantly do not want to sign-up for Amazons paid unlimited service as I get Prime Music with my Amazon Prime subscription so I knew I could only listen to songs available through Prime Music but what I had not counted on was getting a two minute sales pitch from Amazon Unlimited every time I look for a track that's not on Prime Music - I am not stupid and don't need this sales pitch every time a songs not on Prime Music a simple ''Not available on Prime'' would be sufficient and there is no way to disable this constant advertising.Another small but aggravating gripe is on the advertising for the Echo Dot it shows a Spotify symbol so one would reasonably think you can access your songs from Spotify but think again as you also need a premium Spotify account so you cant listen to any of your free music from them either.Seems such a shame to ruin a fantastic device with this constant unsolicited advertising - Get your act together Amazon.


  After battling with this device for several weeks I had to admit defeat. The software is woefully bad and very limited.Amazon has assured me about updates but there were 2 things that were deciding factors in returning it.1. You can not disable the constant annoying notifications using the app. Apparently you need to go online the the Alexa website and disable “auto-enable” which in short ignores preferences you select in the device app and automatically re-enables notifications you have disabled. If you shop as much as I and my daughter do on Amazon, this is a lot of notifications and they become invasive and very annoying.This is auto-enable function is something you only discover after a few phone calls to the Amazon device support team which brings me to my 2nd reason for returning it.2. When I attempted to point out and raise a feedback concern about the auto-enable being outside of the device app on a separate website and why it should exist at all if I have already stated my preferences within the app, the last operative I spoke to was so rude and persistent with his time to me, talking over me, not allowing me to respond to what he was saying, I just decided this was too much. I don’t need this kind of hassle from a device that is designed to make life easier!My advice - leave it. Find something else!


  Caveat - I worked in IT for many years, I'm struggling to get this on my WiFi, because of the security I have in place. The device wakes up quickly, but won't find my WiFi because of how I have it configured.I'll work on that issue. It's the start of my review - when I can get it on the internet, I'll post more.Update 23/12/19 at ½ price at £25 currently, I would recommend this product. I've just ordered my third.Set up was difficult for me. You'll need a smart 'phone with WiFi, and download the Alexa app. Next you'll need a home WiFi with a visible SSID, If it wasn't for the handy 'cheat sheet' from Amazon support, I'd have returned the lot.I had to set up another WiFi network, go through setting up my dots, and then locking down the network by MAC addresesBut there is more that you can do with the Dot than just asking about the weather. Teach them skills (many are free) discover the 'drop In' feature, see how it can be a new way to be in control.


  If Amazon spent 1/100 of what they spend on staff salaries to make their software tell us how great their software is OVER AND OVER again and employed software developers who understand real-world functional testing, rather than how to code an Echo to make fart noises, then the Echo/Alexa devices would be excellent. As it is, they manage to scale the heights of being an expensive toy for people who have more money than sense (or want to be even lazier). I've invested heavily in these and associated devices to assist a disabled relative and where they work or do what they are advertised to do, rather than the false advertising claims Amazon make of them, they provide a good service, even if only with a portion of the functionality that is advertised. A good example is the lack of integration for devices that have voice functionality built into them. Buy an Android, voice controlled TV and it can be used with Alexa, just not accurately (always chooses the wrong channel) or completely (no chance of launching any App on your TV, just turn on, turn off and change volume, or change channels to one you don't want, as mentioned). Not a problem as it isn't as if any government has the funding to take on Amazon and prove their false advertising of products. Try investing some of your profits in service to customers who spend their money on your products and make your software configurable, for example allowing end-users to choose which Echo works with Drop-in and not change it to a masked 'default device' setting when a device change is made in the supposedly smart home. Oh and don't bother trying to manage two Amazon 'smart' homes on one device, every time you log in and out, the Alexa App will force you to go through first setup tapping the screen to make the stupid introduction to what each button does and then wait to log in a second time and then have to close the application completely and start it a second time before being able to properly control any devices in the differing account. Oh, guess what, you have to do it all over again when setting back to your own account (and if testing the failures that adding a new device can cause, putting your password in yet again PLUS a challenge code). Thanks for wasting my time with your lazy, incompetent coding. Where do I send my invoice?


  I purchased two of these when they were on discount to have one in the bedroom and one in the living room. However I am very disappointed with them, especially when it comes to the speaker which I will come onto in a second.The first impression I had was that these look really nice, which they do; no need for a cover or a jacket as that's all included now.Each unit has 4 "far field" microphones which, when you have a background movie or music playing, are not particularly responsive in that you have to raise your voice or even shout to get the unit to hear you.If you're in a quiet environment, it's exactly the opposite where you can say something to one unit and the other one responds; I guess the only way to avoid this is to use one wake word on one unit and another on the other, but what's the point of that?Now we come to the speakers. Most reviews I read before buying these said that the speakers were adequate. I don't know where they tested them but the speakers are dire. Even tweaking the bass, mid and treble settings, which don't seem to make a bit of difference, trying to understand what Alexa says is very hard such that on numerous times I have to get her to repeat it 3 or 4 times and only then, by moving closer and REALLY listening hard can I make out what she's on about. I had a 1st gen Echo Plus which I returned for another reason but considering this is a 3rd gen product the speakers have taken a big step backwards. As for the Bluetooth, I suggest anyone tries to have a conversation using the unit as a Bluetooth speaker; you simply can't as the audio continuously breaks up during conversation as it does if you wish to send music from your phone to the unit.All in all, if I hadn't purchased these at a discount and for the main reason of control my lights and electronics, I would have sent these back without hesitation.Would I recommend them? If you want them for simply controlling your smart home, then yes as it's a reasonably cheap and viable option even at full price. However, if you want them as a full blow home control, hands free receiver, listening to the radio or music then absolutely not unless you want to buy an additional speaker which I would suggest uses a cable rather than Bluetooth.


  Voice recognition well, she will respond to anyone's voice which is annoying. If I have the TV on in the room she picks up every word and is constantly flashing, which is very annoying. Absolutes tosh when it comes to audiobooks, poor voice playback when reading books, sounds awful. And the music she sends when I ask her to search for certain genres like Soul music is so off it actually makes me want to throw her out the window. At times when I ask her to play songs by a particular artist, she will only play one song and then stops playing. Am assuming she is picking up tracks from Amazon Music, which needs a complete overhaul if that's the case. And whichever artists tracks I ask her to play she only seems to want to play the slow, low mood songs. I'm beginning to think Alexa is depressed. She's depressing to me!


  Oh dear. I have two now, and collectively they are worse. Alexa, set time for 10 minutes. They both are clearly talking to each other, both light up... and one sorts it.But - when you ask things like "how long is left" or "stop timer", the other one will generally respond and go "Nah, no idea of any timers, innit?"And I have to UNPLUG one of them, so that the other can respond and say yes... I know there's a timer.P.M. has GONE. It understands A.M, but it will not set timers for P.M. Even saying "post meridiem", Alexa acts stupid -something it does with aplomb.It advertises at me, despite being opted into nothing - pushing other apps via advertising. The numpties in technical support don't understand what an Echo Dot is, so are asking me to unsubscribe from emails. Then the delight of them asking me for a "screenshot" is great. IT DOES NOT HAVE A SCREEN.When it works, it's fine for basic activities like the weather... but it feels like it's going backwards. The future of AI it ain't, at least at the moment.


  I've heard one before but it's still very impressive. The quality of sound from such a small device is fantastic (especially after tailoring the sound to my liking using the equaliser). I'm using the Amazon Music free trial and will probably sign up for the £3.99pm contract. It responds to my voice without fail (and the clamours from my young grandchildren). Volume is more than enough to fill a sizable room (don't think I've ventured beyond 50% yet).The physical controls on top are easy to use too but voice activation is a successful novelty.I've not yet bothered with 'quiz questions' but I'm sure I'll find a need in due course (replacing Google?)My only criticism is Alexa's voice - it's muffled & 'boomy'. There doesn't seem to be a way of changing it (the equaliser only affects music). This is becoming a real issue as I can't make out anything Alexa says. It's just a mumble as though speaking through a thick towel. There are lots of complaints on the Forum but no action (others suggest it's a sofware fix that Amazon should be able to do).Also the App takes up over 260mb of memory which won't be an issue for modern smartphones but mine is 3 years old! At the current price is really is an amazing bit of kit spoiled a by muffled voice.I've now reduced the rating to 2 stars because of the latest software update. Previously  could adjust the equaliser settings to my liking and they were retained when the phone was switched off. The new update (19 Jan 2020) resets the equaliser settings to neutral even if I switch to another app or function, without even switching off. this means I have to reset the settings each time I play music - what a palaver! I've been onto customer support a couple of times and all they can do is feed this back to the developers who might )or might not) fix it. Not great from a multi-billion company I think. If you have software before Jan 19 then I suggest you don't update it.


  Truthfully, you won't hear much of a critique from me here, since this was not technically a "purchase". British Gas's voucher code rendered this purchase free of charge.However, I enjoy the fad of bombarding Alexa with random, perpetuating and useless questions, enjoying the response of the AI and resilience of it not to curse me back, as any human being would after an hour of back and forth.• Sound quality is great.• Voice recognition is somewhat to be desired at times, as you will need to enunciated your requests at times. Most requests however will be actioned by Alexa.• Alexa integration is also a fad at times and 'hit-and-miss'. It does not work seamlessly with British Gas's Hive system - of which I have central heating and lights associated with it. Did it turn my lights on and off? Not really. It tended to perform successfully 30% of the time.• Most annoying of all is the fact that I have to use up a space on my power socket for the Echo Dot. It should also have the ability to recharge the device (akin to a mobile) so it can operate without supplied power. Perhaps if the Dot has the ability to fall asleep (or technically hibernate) until someone says "hey Alexa..." then this would act as a power saver mode saving battery for it to operate standalone, and only charging when battery is low.• Build quality is something I cannot review on, since this is something i disconnected after a day or two. From first impressions, the textured finish appears elegant and the audi-styled dynamic blue lights when commands are actioned are a lovely finish.• Will you miss it and is this a game changer? Probably not, unless you have a whole house wirelessly connected this will not prove to be groundbreaking enough to change your life. Even if you do, as I have, this is unreliable at times. I'd expected better algorithm acceptance to action my commands and even work to better recognise the nuances in my voice so that it doesn't turn my TV on when I ask the front room lights to turn on.


  I've only had this thing working for a short while...  the reason was I spent an evening trying to get it to link to my home network without success....  the reason...?  It would not connect until I allowed it to get location info from my phone... The alexa app allows you to skip allowing access to your location...  but then the dot will fail to connect to the internet.I am an old fuddy duddy and I hate giving away any more info on my phone than absolutely necessary.Anyway - after an evening of failing to setup the device even after using all the manual setup procedures, I eventually decided to switch on location info on my phone and allow alexa to see it and the device installed immediately.So... be aware, amazon force you to divulge where you are if you want to use this device... which I hate.  1. They shouldn't need location info to work, 2. They should be up front that this is part of the conditions before purchase.Other...Sound quality seems worse than other smart speakers I have listened to....it's ok but seems a bit muffly.  Nice to be able to pair to my bose blootooth speaker though to listen to music... although not listen to much yet.Voice recognition seems impressive...  I was spitting feathers when I did the voice recognition learning thing on the alexa app (during attempts to get the dot to work) and spat out the learning phrases... but it understands me well.... although I've still got to learn how to get it to obey anything other than simple commands. However, it's already trying to sell me extra stuff at every opportunity.So - a bad start, but maybe i'll update this review once I've had a chance to get to know it better.


  It is driving us bonkers! Never does what we ask just wants to search the web for whatever we say. I think our is a special need each dot or perhaps it has been gifted with a sarcasm chip?!So I say call ‘grandad bill’ (exactly how he is in my contacts. Alexa says ‘ I can’t find anything on the web ‘call grandad bill’.I say call Karl it says ‘which Karl?’ I say Karl mobile (only one Karl in my contacts) it says ‘looking on the web for Karl mobile, I found this....!’I say ‘Alexa , switch the bedroom light on’ Alexa says ‘looking on the web for bedroom light...!’I say ‘Alexa switch the kitchen light on’ Alexa says your have lots of lights!’We spend more time with it unplugged and switched off every day. This ‘smart’ system does not seem to be the right description to me. Ours needs to go back to school. Waste of money and an enormous waste of our time and patience.


  We started off with owning one, and thought it was ok for the price, somewhat useful, mainly for setting reminders and controlling my hue bulbs and Bose SoundTouch speaker.A few months later I then decided to get a second echo for the children’s bedroom, as the entry price is quite low and Amazon market these devices to the point where you feel you need one in every room! and that’s where it shows it’s limitation.My children are too young for an amazon account so the second device is under my account. Sounds perfectly reasonable right? Wrong!You can’t set parental controls for the second device.  seriously Amazon???If i want to remote lock, nope!If i want to mute for set period of time, nope!If i want to restrict explicit content on the second device, nope!If I want to see the current state of second device e.g. if the children have opened an alexa skill, nope!Another issue im having. My first echo can control my bose soundbar 300 and when i ask Alexa to play music, music gets played on the echo device which is what i want. However, when the second echo was set up. When i ask Alexa on the second device to play music, it plays on my soundbar!??!Under connected speaker settings , I’ve set the speaker default to Built In-Speaker on both but the second Echo still plays via the soundbar.Also note that if you have the basic amazon music plan, you won’t be able to play music simultaneously on both devices.But most of all, I’m just annoyed about the lack of parental controls in the UK, since I've noticed in America, Amazon sell a kid friendly echo.If  I had known all these limitations I definitely wouldn’t have bothered with buying a second echo dot.


  Very disappointed with this Echo Dot. Having previously purchased two of the Echo which have worked very well the set up of the Dot was as expected and went smoothly. It was installed in a bedroom and I was very surprised when an American voice emitted from the speaker, which at first seemed fine when asked very basic questions. Unfortunately that is where the reaction ended, because in the last few days the AMERICAN VOICE installed in he Dot is failing to recognise questions of for example playing a particular radio station etc. I have continually tried requesting , to no avail only to be told "sorry I don't know/or can't find that". This is very disappointing and frustrating as my voice requests work fine on the other devices, who have British accents as opposed to the American on on this Dot. The description of this item on Amazon.co.uk should have specified this and I feel the Dot has been a complete waste of money. Sadly Not the Amazon quality of service I have come to expect.


  I own both 2nd and 3rd Gen Alexa Echo Dot.Everyone knows that 3rd Gen is better looking and have miles better speaker.If you want an upgrade because of that then you may be quote happy with your purchase.In fact 3rd Gen Echo Dot sound is quite impressive, especially for such a small device.But this is where the pros ends.In my case, I use it mainly for operating smart home devices using voice commands.Unfortunately for this purpose 3rd Gen is much worst than 2nd Gen.I get 50% more issues with commands recognition than on 2nd Gen.Part of the problem is caused by new speaker that is much louder and is causing far more issues with the built-in microphone.  Sometimes I need to literally shout at it.The unit itself also seems slower in response than 2nd Gen same for recognition.I use my 2nd Gen like I would be talking to someone in the room, where giving voice commands to 3rd Gen feels more like talking to a retard that is more annoying than helpful.I wonder if that's the reason why 2nd Gen is now dearer than 3rd one?


  See above . Spent 1.5 hours on the phone with am Amazon advisor and ended up with having to send the Echo Dot back for replacement.The new one connected and worked well for 2 days and then gave up the ghost and refuses to connmect even through a mobile phone app.It appears to me that this is a brilliant idea  let down by its technology.The help I received was good if time consuming, but frustrating because it didn't last.I still like the idea  a lot but would appreciate some sensible and simple help which does not require a degree in electronics to install.I would love to be able to install my Echo Dot easily enjoy its features reliably.I hope to hear from you soon.


  I have a google assistant in my kitchen but having Amazon music subscription only, I decided to get a dot as well. The dot is really frustrating. It cannot hear my voice or misunderstands me 80% of the time. When Alexa speaks it is half as clear as Google. The microphone does not wake the dot up 70% of the time. Alexa doesn't understand simple things like "play music from Pink" , even if I change the sentence 5 times and it makes me incredibly frustrated, because all I really wanted is to listen some good music and play true or false while I'm cooking. I reverted back to podcast Amazon music to google, because she does understand "put up the volume" and other simple instructions, unlike Alexa. So far the dot was wasted money and space


  I bought this to replace a simple bluetooth speaker, used to play music in my toddler's room at bedtime.  Unfortunately, it's been at best unreliable and at worst, completely useless in this task -- whether I'm trying to use bluetooth or the Plex skill to play music from my home library.The worst thing, by far was when our internet went down last month and I couldn't use Plex anymore (even local servers need remote connectivity to work!) -- no problem I thought, I'll pair my phone again and use bluetooth, but no, the Bluetooth option had gone from the Alexa app along with my internet connection, leaving me with no way at all to play music on a 'smart' speaker.Would I buy another?  No, and neither could I recommend anyone buy one, based on my eperience -- if a simple bluetooth speaker that cost a quarter of the price can play music reliably, this should be able to too.


  I bought the 3rd gen with clock display from my catalogue and was very impressed with it I decided to buy a second for my bedroom. When it arrived it was just the standard one without the clock which I was disappointed about but kept it anyways.It doesn’t seem half as good as first one I bought, this one you seem to have to shout Alexa all time and continuously repeat your commands all the time, the one I bought with the clock display is crisp, fast and listens to your words and promptly does as you ask.I wouldn’t recommend this one, spend a few quid more for the clock display one you’ll thank me later.


  I wanted this device as a way of casting Amazon music to the stereo, using its "line out" feature to run a connection to the amplifier. All albums I have purchased from Amazon are stored on Amazon, and I can play them using Amazon Music, on Android and Windows devices. I can also play them on the Echo Dot by asking Alexa to play from "My Music".There is a casting feature with Echos, whereby you can cast from your Amazon Music device to the Echo, which could be quite handy. However it doesn't seem to work unless you subscribe to Amazon Music Unlimited, and even then, not with the Windows version of AM. Dunno about Amazon Prime, but after a one and a half hour online chat with FOUR different Amazon operators, and phone calls from 2 more operators, who had none of the details of my marathon chat, I then gave up any more attempts to find out what are the restrictions on casting. Amazon's website is no more helpful.https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=GMBKJXSDC5EWSRJHIf you like talking to equipment to play your music, this is for you. If you want to use it as a way of casting to your stereo, be careful. It might not work. Maybe just play safe and don't buy it, but don't attempt to find out from Amazon unless you have a lot of time and patience.


  Coming from a Google Eco system this was sort of strange especially using the start phrase "Alexa" but using the wrong one.The device is great the kids love it especially the tell a story skill where it has a larger range of stories than Google.I have used the unit to do drop in sessions which I have to say is great and as I was given an Alexa Spot last year which sat in the corner this second unit is really starting to feel like it's going to stay and replace the former.The echo dot has a clock which is great at night as once set for brightness it does not nover power. But this is where I ran into an issue which nearly resulted in me placing it in the corner to be forgotten. The unit kept displaying a very bright yellow glow ring and despite unchecking all notifications and deleting all messages and notifications it kept displaying the bright yellow ring. Therefore it was switched off and placed into the corner ended up had to do a reset to clear it since then its functioning great.I did at the Very start had a an issue with Amazon as the Amazon app on the phone kept pushing for a review for the item this was even before the unit was delivered the app kept requesting for a review, which I did and ranked everything with a 1 star and stating that this will be re-reviewed appropriate but was warned and had the review pulled by Amazon.At the time I felt that Amazon was very Bias against its own items and despite their app that kept prompting for a review they did not like being marked down.But with that said the Alexa spot is a great addition besides the shaky start and annoying review prompt.Update Apr 2020Think the system is a bit buggy sometimes when you have routines set they don't work and the Amazon app prompts you to setup a device which is already setupHow to fix you have to do a cold hard reboot or reset by resetting the unitSuch a hassle


  This device is a perfect example of the uk centric nature of Amazon which will inevitably cost after January 31st. I wanted amazon music but alexa told me that there was a problem with my card details. That problem was it was an irish and not uk. In other words the irish dont get amazon music. Amazing that amazon can produce such a great device that is applicable to certain people and not others.Alas, I opted for netflix, chromecast and google mini as there are no restrictions like with Amazon's products.My advise if your looking for assistants outside the uk or us is go for google products as they are truly multinational and support things like free spotify. Amazons products are all dependant on premium services and not all work.


  I am reasonably tech savvy but after 2+  hours just gave up on trying to set up the Dot to control the Fire TV HD 4K Ultra purchased at the same time. The Amazon tech assistant I turned to also had great difficulty. After 20 minutes we tried (at my suggestion) to add the Firestick as a new device, even though it was listed as online and recognised by the Alexa App. Bingo! it connected. Once connected it was immediately apparent that, as yet, the voice interface and actions they control are still very limited for TV. The system is clunky and not user friendly. I am keeping it simply because of the speaker improvements and just waiting for the software and voice functionality to control TV viewing to catch up with this very nice piece of hardware.


  I finally decided to indulge in an Alexa. Set up was easy, voice recognition fine and the answering of questions all went smoothly.However my biggest disappointment and total frustration is that when I ask Alexa to play a radio station e.g Radio 2, it works perfectly for maximum 7 minutes and then shuts down. I have tried it in 5 different locations and the same shut down happens everywhere. The same problem with playing tracks....works for a while an d shuts down. All very frustrating indeed.


  This has been quite a disappointing purchase. Meant to be used by my elderly mum; as a Prime member I thought this would make her life so much easier yet when you can not properly set it up by using the extremely poorly Alexa app which has a GUI that I found hard to understand, one can only imagine the challenge for people with less affinity with electronic products and apps. Was a combined deal with a Fire TV stick and money totally wasted due to a sub-par app to set it up.Synopsis; do NOT purchase until a proper app with clear settings and stable functionality is offered


  Extremely buggy! They constantly lose their wifi connection or other smart devices the stupid light wont stop glowing even while in do not disturb mode. Got it for free with my ring video doorbell so I cant be too critical, but I don't like the idea of something  basically eavesdropping to everything Im saying in my own home especially with it being connected to the internet! I use it with my firesticks and the default setting for all these devices are to track your data usage, it can be turned off but you have to find out where as that information is conveniently omitted from any setup guides. The sound quality is crap as well. There are some cute things it does but that most smart phones do already if you bother to research.


  I received this dot as a combined offer with the ring doorbell.I didn't need this device at all as I already have a similar speaker item but I thought since the ring 2 doorbell doesn't come with a chime I will purchase these two as the combination it was advertised for.I wish I hadn't bothered.Unknown to me in the UK the ring door bell will not make announcements for motion or button press via the echo devices. This only works in the US !The echo customer service representative I spoke to on the phone was also unaware untill during our 30mins of conversation in which they were getting know where I discovered this myself in a forum.I now need to send this back and purchase a chime.Great 


  Sad to write an overall negative review. We got a lot of use out of this and to be fair it's very good. Connecting to some smart devices was a bit of a pain but overall happy with it. UNTIL... 30th April 2020 when the product suddenly broke in the middle of a song. Absolutely no life left in it (I was playing Bon Jovi at the time so maybe my own fault). I purchased this on 9th April 2019 so it was exactly 3 weeks out of warranty. Can products just not last anymore. 1 year and this is done and needs replacing. The cynic in me says Amazon know full well it's useful life is little more than a year. So, good while it lasts.


  I had an Amazon echo dot 2nd gen but got this free from signing up for my home broadband. I must say this is a lot worse. I understand some people do enjoy a good bass when listening to music and echo 3rd gen is trying to do that but has failed miserably. Just stick to the 2nd gen echo dot. Sounds clearer and the volume range is much much better. Volume 1 on the 3rd gen is like a volume 2/3 on the 2nd gen which is really annoying when I'm trying to play soft music before bed


  Very disappointed and maybe I misunderstood ?  We already have the larger alexa  and are very satisfied so much so we thought we would extend our collection and get the echo dot for use in another room. I presumed my monthly payment for premium and music of £7.99 and £3.99 would cover both !! However this does not appear to be the case and we find to use the dot we are asked to increase our payments. I also feel there is not enough information covering this before purchases are made. It is not made clear in the selling pitch just how much it is going to cost also how much data it uses on your internet which could be a problem if you have limited access.


  Setting up appears to have a problem with iPhone. Was only able to set up via Windows computer. On app store difficult to accept which app to use. Still can't locate an app that displays the three dots. Not yet been able to link my Google diary to Axa. Lack of instructions is unfortunate and means lots of guesswork.. Friend has an alternative that is much ”friendlier” The suggested FEED BACK doesn't feed back just list possible faults. No way of getting any assistance with setting up or finding the Alexa App. Would definitely never purchase again. Google searches of little effective use as all refer to the elusive App! Beware many of the so called apps involve paid for content.


  Right so Iv got 4 echo dots 3rd gen and hue bulbs all over the house plus amazon music and fire stick. Basically pretty much everything to have a simple smart home. Iv had this all setup for the last 4 months. And wishing now that I went google instead. Alexa is not intelligent at all competitive to google which is a massive shame because the build quality on the echos is awsome. I’m seriously having issues with her. I have to ask her twice to switch on and off the lights even though the first time round she will say “ok” but hasn’t done anything. Alexia has now decided not to play any music on one of the dots. She has randomly been talking in the kitchen when no one has said anything and I’m sure I don’t have a ghost! . And just generally asking questions where she just says “I don’t know that one”. I then have to go on my phone and ask google. There are a few more things but I’m waffling now. All in all I wish I bought google smart home stuff.


  The 3rd gen dot is far slower than the 2nd gen. I bought it because it was cheaper during a deal and expected it to be an upgrade from the 2nd gen. The voice recognition is extremely slow, there's lots of lag, the response is very laboured and slow and the dot frequently disconnects from the wifi and needs to be set up from scratch again. All of this whilst the 2nd gen echo I have is working away just fine, still connected and working.Not impressed with something that I assumed would be an upgrade. I've only had it for 11 days and I've had to reset and set-up again 4 times in that time period! Amazon need to fix these bugs!


  I loved my first Dot, which I got free with Hive & British Gas and thought adding a second Dot would work well and help me immensely especially for reminders as I have hearing issues and often don't hear alarms if not in the same room.How wrong was I!!!!!You apparently can't sync reminders or alarms to other Dots.  If I set an alarm to Alexa in the kitchen (2nd Dot) it does not sync to other Dots so my food keeps cooking and burning when in another room.Syncing music on all dots also diffucult. I keep shouting at Dot and Alexa devices which is so frustrating and doesn't happen so much when you have just one or two Alexa.This was supposed to make my home life, my evening life and cooking just a little easier.Sadly not.I hope Alexa becomes a bit more user friendly, helpful across multiroom as well as intuitive.


  I want to like this thing, but there is a serious problem: any attempt by the speaker to say the letter S results in the sound being “clipped” so that the sound ends up essentially as static noise. After a couple of repetitions this becomes torture. The previous generations did not have this problem. I’ve tried placing it on different surfaces and also playing with the EQ, but it appears to be a hardware issue. It’s a shame as lower frequencies sound good.


  Was seeking a very loud bedside alarm. This looked fancier and was the same price as others on here. It serves its purpose as that, as I can set alarms from Spotify which mixes things up. Unfortunately Amazon make it extremely difficult to use Spotify with any kind of enjoyment. You cannot set a playlist to shuffle (including alarm playlists), you cannot saves songs on new playlists you're listening to, you cannot pause or rewind.To set an alarm to a song, you cannot do it from the app (which is terrible, for the record). You have to string out a long series of commands as clearly as possible to her and pray that it picks up the song and that you said "through Spotify". Otherwise she will remind you how inferior the product is when you do not have all the Amazon services, and will probably end up trying to sell you Audible (which has been done to me before). Good sound quality for a tiny device, fills the room comfortably but crackles at above 80% volume.Overall, a semi-smart device that hasn't impressed me or revolutionised my home. It's far too difficult to use unless you have the whole suite of Amazon devices - which is probably the point.Things to improve: Spotify functionality, COMPLETELY redo the Amazon Alexa App, add a lithium ion battery so you can move it around as a speaker/alarm clock when travelling.NOTE: You can buy these at £30 on sales. £50 otherwise. Lot's of sellers across third-party sites will stockpile and then sell for 40-45, so be prepared for that annoyance of not knowing if you should wait or not.


  Started off very well.  Sound quality good and easy to integrate to Alexa.  However, over time the bluetooth quality has deteriated so much that it is now hardly possible to hear with amy headphones or bluetooth speakers.  Even with the volume on the dot on maximum it is barely producing any sound in auxilliary BT speakers, although strangely enough the volume on the internal speaker remains OK.  Don't know why this happens but I thought it would it would be more reliable than it is.  Unit started deteriating after only 6 months but it has steadily got worse.  Purchased 2 of these Dot 3 in April 2019.


  It's my first Alexa but she answers most of my questions with " mmm Im not sure about that"  not as informative as I had hoped, good for diary news, weather etc but I didn't realize that I needed to keep an Amazon prime account to have Access to most of her abilities which does not even include the Amazon music as I'm charged an extra £7.99 for music so prime @ £7.99 and then music @ £7.99 so costs £15.98 to use the Alexa not including books audible and other add on,s  so not cheap to run


  I bought this  Alexa as a Christmas present. We opened it, followed instructions and found that it would not work as described in the instructions which claimed (my words easy peasy) .First my lady friend tried to download the Alexa software to her windows phone only to be told that alexa does not work on the Edge browser. Then she tried to download the software on her iPad tablet alexa said it did not work on Safari 9 browser we should upgrade to 10. .  Up to know we have not able update her browsers. PLEASE DO NOT SELL PRODUCTS THAT WORK ON SELECTED BROWSERS...……..Very annoyed and disappointed


  Won't work - keeps asking for the 'Wake Word'. I guess if you are up to date on tech this wouldn't be a problem but as I'm a bit of a fossil its a case of the echo being back in its box until one of the kids works out what to do (I did search for how to fix but the answer on the help site was no real help)Follow up - to be fair Amazon followed up my review promptly with an attempted call from support (2am in the morning!) And then an email with instuctions which seem like i should be able to have a go at


  Firstly, I love the Echo but the smaller Dot falls below standard when compared to it's bigger brother. The sound quality just lets it down. Good for basic needs perhaps or taking camping etc, but isn't doing it for me on sound quality in the house. I'll get another Echo. Happy to pay that little bit more for the better product.


  Most of the commands given to Alexa are returned with "Hmm, I don't know that one" or similar. When asked to play a radio station on a platform it's supposed to work with, most of the time it can't find it or plays a completely different radio station! Alexa is so limited you have to tell it exactly the track, artist and platform, but even then it gets it wrong sometimes! When I asked Alexa to tell me what the weather would be in Canterbury, she told me what the weather would be in Kansas City! - not very helpful if you live in the UK, and when asked for the weather in Canterbury, Kent or Canterbury, UK the reply is "Sorry, I don't know that location"!I wish I bought the Google Home or Google Nest Hub now. The Google assistant is a lot more intelligent......


  This kind of technology just isn't advanced enough to make life easier. I found it made things more difficult and it won't take long before it just becomes a £50 ornament. It's designed to make you lazier ( in a world where we are told to me more active?) but actually has the opposite effect as you are constantly repeating yourself because Alexa doesn't understand or "doesn't know that one" . In the end you just resort the old fashioned physical method of getting things done.


  At first I was very excited to have this, all the music I asked for was played. But then things changed.....along came lots of adverts, the music I had previously asked for was not playing. The problem is that Amazon want you to sign up to prime, so you can then have the music you had originally asked for. I think this is a con because why cannot the music continue the same when I first had Eco. So not as good as I had expected.


  This has been very disappointing because, although it connects to Alex and Echo fine and calls can be answered via Alexa if you have a Vodafone or EE, it is very limited.  When making a call from your mobile it is not listed as a speaker, so you cannot switch the call to go through Echo Dot.  You can only make calls to existing contacts and if you do that through Alexa.It is compatible with very few bluetooth speakers as well, so I found that both of mine, even though one was listed as compatible (Bose Soundlink) did not work in any kind of worthwhile way.


  As a bluetooth speaker - it's fine/good.As a home assistant? Pretty much useless. But isn't that the USP?It will tell you the time, basic weather and play the radio, but Alexa is useless at almost everything else. I expect more than just a voice-activated clock-radio.Hardware-wise, Alexa miss-hears the clearest instructions even if standing just a meter away from the Echo. I have native English annunciation. I expect more from its 4 mics.Skills - Alexa app is horrible to use. Cannot easily search for new skills. Once skills are installed I can't find a user manual of all voice commands.Couldn't get Amazon music or spotify to work (I'm sure they work but gave up in the end). Couldn't add family members correctly to the device.Pairing is unintuitive. Could not get Alexa to learn my voice. Amazon blocks simple skills like Youtube (yes, it's a Google competition issue) unless you do the hacks were you make a Dev account and compile your own skill.No contextual understanding. This is the biggest issue. She basically resets every time after each command; doesn't remember the last thing. If you say, "Alexa, start a 10 minute timer", then you say "Alexa, change that to 15 minutes", she has no idea what you want. If you ask Siri "who is my wife?", she asks you to tell her, and if she mispronounces your name you can say "that's not how to say that" and Siri asks "OK, how do you pronounce it?" - Alexa does none of these things.If an timer/alarm is going off - "Alexa, stop", or "Alexa, OK!" does NOT stop the alarm. She simply ignores you."Will it rain today?", she does not answer yes or no, she gives you a full report and you stand there listening for 20 seconds when you want a quick yes or no. "turn on the TV" takes about 10 seconds for her to do it - by that time I've found the remote already.She constantly says "Sorry provider is having trouble", after TV commands, even though it works and she switches on the TV.She cannot offer basic answers to anything that needs 'Googling' - or wiki speach (even Siri is far better).


  There has been a lot of hype on these type of products. Mine was bought as a gift and I'm grateful to have the item. Setting it up has been and still is far more difficult than I expected. May well just be more or there is an issue with the one I have. All I get is Hello this is Alexa which is then repeated in 5 different languages. Funny I know. I will give it another crack as reading through what it does sounds amazing.


  I have around 3 v2 dots about the house for lighting etc and purchased a few v3 dots on Black Friday, however noticed a move towards the speaker experience rather than home assistance. The speaker is better however more booming and the microphones are not as good meaning Alexa does catch what you requested?! - I would send these back but I had thrown away the boxes.. if you need a home assist only buy the cheaper v2. HTH


  Purchased this 3rd Generation on an offer to add to existing home setup, but the audio sound quality from this compared to 2nd Generation is poor. It's ok if you're going to play radio or music, but if you want to hear Alexa read you books or do audible, all you can here is a muffled mess. They also got rid of the USB cable for power and made another cable that will only work with the Echo. Why? Yet more waste of cables.I'm returning this and have already purchased another 2nd Generation via Ebay.


  Totally unimpressed to be honest won't play my playlists from the amazon music app just says it cant find it. Managed to get it to connect to my LG Bluetooth sound bar but won't connect to my Bluetooth headphones  can't find them! Was going to buy some smart home devices to go with it don't think I'll bother can't even manage simple Bluetooth connections or play lists have two of them the intercom feature is handy that's about it. My Samsung phone it's light years ahead in useability. Sound quality is ok. All in all a waste of money


  Better than the last model but artificial intelligence seems to be based on a negative IQ. When asked to turn on a light it said that the light did not support that function??? It only turned it on when sworn at. The same thing happened when it was told to turn it off again. Why don't Amazon support their devices? I am a native English speaker with no strong accent so that cannot be the reason.


  It often disconnects from the internet, the sound goes fuzzy occasionally and apparently you can reset this by asking alexa to reset the equaliser (found out through amazon chat) so this may come in useful for others.Tbh often Alexa doesnt know the answers and i dont find her hugely useful except for reminders and to play spotify, which is on my phone anyway so could have just bought a decent bluetooth speaker


  I'll try and keep this bulleted:- sound quality better than expected- easy to set up- lots of problems with playing spotify- often gets itself caught in a loop ie yesterday it was reading a story, I asked it to play radio which it acknowledged but then carried on reading story- have had to unplug and leave off a few times to resolve issues- had a few times were Alexa replies that she is not available- might be my fault but I thought it was portable which it's not


  Performance has been deteriorating, with endless connection issues. These problems happen with my echo devices and not my other smart devices. I have to re-set the echo at least every week, which is a very painful and slow process. Moreover, "Alexa" seems to be getting dumber all the time, understanding ever fewer commands. I can now only really use it to set timers and play music. The voice recognition used to work great, but has been deteriorating as well. What a disappointment.


  I’m not a fan. I got this to play my music on and even though I subscribe to Amazon music and Prime I would have to tell it two or three times what I wanted to hear. Then it started to speak in an American accent which was annoying and then to top it all it started to come awake on its own, which is really spooky especially in the middle of the night. So I’ve given it to my son, he and my Grandaughter love it because they make it fart and it has them in hysterics! My Grandaughter is only 3, my son should know better.


  It did work well until Amazon & the BBC fell out, so it's difficult or impossible to get BBC radio on this device, in my experience - just look at the blogs about this. I can’t get the BBC Skills app to work at all on my Echo Dot. I have wasted much valuable time trying to do so; linking my BBC account etc. etc. I thought that an enlightened BBC and Amazon would be promoting digital access! This situation is just egregious, retrograde, frustrating, wasting time and money for a service that we thought we would get, reducing the confidence that we might have had in digital platforms that can disappear at a stroke, despite our financial commitment in buying products such as this in the first place.


  We bought our son a Google Mini for Christmas and we had our Echo Dot and the Mini running side by side for a few days. The Google device was much more intuitive and it was much easier to get it to respond appropriately than the Dot. The Echo Dot does basic things, like tell you the weather, very well, but so many tasks involve enabling skills or setting something up on the App before you can get anywhere, which makes it very frustrating to use. Ask it for a train time and it says "You have National Rail enabled, do you want to open it?" Well actually, I just want you to tell me when the next train is! We've had the Echo Dot for just over a week and loads of times I've felt like lobbing it in the bin... I asked Alexa when the Battle of Agincourt was and she told me that it was in 2004! Only 589 years out!! We are going to persevere. for a while, but I'm not confident that I'll be asking it for the time of the next train when we are planning our next trip to London in February! Must do better Alexa.


  I bought this thinking I could connect a couple of my blue tooth speakers along side it to play music. I can not connect them as they are not on a network, Bluetooth will not work to play music in two speakers in this way without the internet. I have spent a few hours messing with it. I wasn't really fussed about the voice side of things. I bought into it because I became a prime member.It won't connect via my own hotspot either. So I am very limited. I don't think the sound is that good. It's average and I've wasted my money on this purchase. Since downloading the apps my phone has been really slow.


  She just didn’t like me and was borderline rude and nasty. Had to return her. She went out of her way to misunderstand me and offer random statements, or ignore me.She refused point blank to change her name to Echo. I think I was thought beneath that particular Alexa. Diva!But I have ordered several more as she was gremlin fuelled from the start, and I believe her attitude to be a glitch. She even put on an appalling American accent for a very random hour.I love Echo and the program I daren’t name in case the one I returned is listening.  I think the government should issue them to every household.I can’t wait for my new one to arrive and hope we become firm friends.


  Very disappointed.  i thought Siri was bad on Apple  but in my opinion Alexa is worse. These are great little speakers for streaming your music but little else, ask it a question that you can “google” and it is unable to answer about 80% of anything I ask.  You can try different questions but in the end it is easier, faster and less stressful just to type the question in to google on your phone.As for the Amazon music Unlimited (I am in a 3 month trial) that is a disaster.  It’s pretty good at finding and playing a single song but ask for anything like play the soundtrack from a specific film or to play a playlist of a type of (genre) music you want and it’s just so inaccurate.  Even though I got the Echo Plus and 2 x dots at a good price, this is more a gimmick than an aid.  I week later and I have already mostly given up with it.Shame.  I wanted to utilise this more in the house with lights etc, but have very little faith.  The music capabilities and search and play have really disappointed me.


  i still have the same problems she cuts songs of stops commands and freezes so have to unplug it to refreshonly reason i dont send back is all the hassle i have to go through  if it was not for these problems you would get 100pc thumbs up but sadly its only 40pc thumbs up


  My first Echo Dot is great, received as a birthday present.  Bought  another Echo Dot that is in the same room( garage) as the wifi access point and 50 cm away.and it keeps losing the wifi connection  Makes no sense!  Try to use the 'setup process but keeps saying that the password is wrong.  I have to power off , leave for a short while then re-power before it re-connects  without having to do any setup.  Happens very frequently, did it again yesterday and today!


  Bought 3 echo dots for the kids and there is no way of adding parental control to any games you download, shopping items to add to you basket and over voice calling. If I knew this before buying, I might of had 2nd thoughts about it and bought something more family safe. Amazon need to add a parental control to most of the echo system and hopefully the kids can you use it with more freedom.


  Music is fine, sounds good. What's up with the muffled Alexa voice? It's hard to understand exactly what she says and the entire family of all ages find this a problem and the voice is not changed by the EQ settings. The google home mini is crystal clear by comparison, although music is not quite as good.Obviously, I'm not the only one with this problem: https://www.amazonforum.com/forums/devices/echo-alexa/523474-how-to-correct-muffled-echo-dot-voiceI've tried restarting, but it seems a software fault??


  It sounds good but it seems to have a problem with the microphone.


  The system is buggy! We already have an Echo in our lounge and decided to add another device in the kitchen. So we purchased the echo dot, since opening it has struggled to set itself up and pair with our other devices, it malfunctions way to often. Although it is set up for multi room when we ask Alexa to play music throughout it doesn’t play on the dot only the echo even though they’re paired through “multi-room music“ also for some reason Alexa speaks with an American ascent on the dot although her location is set to the UK. I’ve followed advise to delete the app and set up from scratch but the problems still persist, Alexa use to be very good but for some reason in the last 10 months it’s voice recognition or ability to play music is very buggy and 1 in 5 times Alexa is given a command she doesn’t acknowledge or replies “she’s unable to at this time” hopefully the issues will be fixed soon.


  Alexa as a binary equipment should be able to recognize several languages.  It doesn't recognise accents,  like hello???. Why investing if different types of English instead of explore others out there.  Laughter out loud to acknowledge that Portugues wasn't there. So, I wouldn't recommend this equipment to a Portuguese person as Alexa it's to limited . Amazon, needs to expand its technology


  I have Echo Dot previous generations and apart from it sounding a little better as well as being a little bigger, with a slight aesthetic change, it's identical.I really was expecting more for an upgraded version of the Echo Dot, but I was left disappointed.You can probably pickup other versions of the dot cheaper 2nd hand, so unless you really want the aesthetic change of this new one, pickup the old one.


  Have had to send back 2 echo dots so far. Amazon have assisted to the best of their abilities. However if there is the slightest issue with the 3rd dot they’re sending out then I’m not gonna bother again.The speaker sounded thin on the original one I purchased and the replacement would cut out during the middle of listening to 1xtraOn a brighter note. Alexa called my mobile when I lost it in my 8 bedroom house (super tiny flat) I usually tear up the house looking for it or wait for the alarm to go off


  Disappointed... I ordered this for my dad who is ok with modern technology.He tried to set this up as per instructions with his android phone but could not locate device and soon got fed up... (this could upset some older people who haven't got patience or understanding of modern tech).After calling Amazon customer service they said there is a  common fault with android phone connections and they are trying to sort this out...If you have a android/Samsung phone you need to use a lap top to connect your device to your wifi...It would be helpful if Amazon stated this issue with their echo dots and other devices!!Hope this helps someone out there!


  Had this Alexa to put into another room and work with Hive devices.Although the sound quality has greatly improved and sounds fantastic, the Alexa integration has taken a step backwards. I have a 2nd gen Dot in another room and i can ask the 3rd gen a question or to play a song / station and it will either get it wrong or say the famous line of "something went wrong" and wont launch, where as i can ask the same questions to the 2nd gen and will perform perfectly!If only the interaction from 2nd was combined with the sound quality of 3rd, this would be the best! Fingers crossed for 4th Gen!


  Oh Dear this product looks better than the mark two but mine does not work as well at all my previous unit recognised my voice far better ,nothing about the room or the positioning of the unit has changed but now I need to repeat myself far more than the old one and even had to rest this unit a number of times to work .unfortunately I gave my old one away ,this might be a faulty one as the so called better speaker is also not as good as my old unit not very good at all.


  Bought as a Christmas present for the "oldies" in the family who would really benefit from this technology. Thing is, you can't set it up without an Alex app for which they haven't quite advanced in phones yet to the stage where they can get the app on their phones. They do have an Amazon Prime account so I thought it could possibly be set up audibly. I have set it up on my app for them but they will have to wait until they catch up in technology. For that I have given only two stars, due to the fact that if I didn't set it up on mine it would still be in a box. Maybe a completely audible one could be made in the future?


  Less functionality than a Bluetooth speaker.Yes, the voice recognition is fun for a bit. You can feel like Captain Picard. But if you want to listen to the free original content on Audible that you've paid for via your subscription, it won't play. They just haven't bothered creating a way of doing that.There's no way of getting some BBC podcasts to stream from Spotify either. (Although you can have a work around and go through another app for those). It seems to be a licensing thing - all other devices are available other than the Echo. It just seems that I can get access to more content with a straightforward speaker. I've spent 20 minutes on the phone to support to be told that that's just the way it is. Disappointed


  I bought the echo in conjunction with  a Phillips hue light bulb from Amazon...the articles were sold together and I was told I needed nothing else to make them work together.I set up the light bulbs and downloaded the Phillips app and they work perfectly. I set up the echo dot and tried to link it to the light bulbs in the skills section and it kept saying I needed a hue bridge ( which is incorrect).I then contacted Amazon help via chat and after 6 hours and being past to 10 different customer service representatives all telling me to do exactly the same thing  ( they would just vanish and a new one would join and I'd have to go through everything again) I gave up.Later that evening I tried again and customer service representative number 12 told me the problem was with Phillips itself even though the bulbs and app worked perfectly.Number 13 eventually told me they had contacted the Amazon technical department and told me there was a problem with the echoes linking to the bulbs.....why couldn't customer service representative number 1 tell me that 9 hours earlier.The echo still won't link to the bulbs and no one said anything about coming back to me when the problem was resolved etc.I've never had such bad customer service


  For a "new version" it's terrible, in comparison with the version 2 it lost speed processing, when you ask for something it works +/-70% of the time, while the version 2 its more like 90%... Ok it got a louder speaker but if i want a louder speaker I would go for a echo...So this 3rd Gen it's a waste of money, 2nd Gen it's better and cheaper...


  Sound, especially the Alexa voice,  is very muffled, and there seems to be no way to correct this. It makes no difference as to what kind of surface the device sits on. or even if it is held above a surface. Surely sound is the most important feature of any speaker, but in this case the forums show that muffled sound has been a problem with Amazon Dot 3rd, gen. for many months, so it is disappointing that no solution has been discovered/provided.  I have a 2nd generation Dot on which the sound is very clear, so I had anticipated that the 3rd generation would be at least as good, but instead it is disappointingly far worse. I am returning my 3rd generation Dot, but I feel that Amazon needs to explain why this chronic problem with their product has not been addressed.


  As of 1st Oct. Echo cannot play BBC radio as the BBC have removed themselves from TuneIn app and require use of BBC Sounds app instead. This app wont work on Echo.So, whilst the Echo itself is a nice piece of kit, I now cannot use it for the purpose intended - multiroom playback of BBC Radio.Amazon are blaming BBC and BBC blaming Amazon. I dont know who is to blame, but usually it takes two to argue ! So go ahead and buy if you dont listen to BBC radio, but AVOID if you want to.


  Can't understand simple request. Cannot support with anything that is search related. Wish I had bought 2 google minis as you don't have to programme everything in as it has so much more AI in place.For example turn on kitchen light. Google turns it on, Alex's turns everything in the room on!!!


  So after a few months of having this the sound quality has gone terrible. The speaker sounds blown-out. I never had the volume on higher than 6 (out of 10). I was listening to Enya at volume 4 at the time it first went weird too. I’ve tried everything but can’t seem to fix it. After searching online I have seen many people reporting the same problem. Such a shame as it’s great otherwise, Alexa works well, voice recognition is good, but a very poor quality speaker inside I guess. I will be getting something with a better speaker to replace my dot.


  Bought basically to control our new Samsung smart modern TV ...but no chance. Just will not work with it or any tv we have. It’s very limited in the TVs or devices it will actually connect with. Set up was ok  though better written instructions might have helped. I don’t want to subscribe to Amazons music store and so I have a device that can tell me the time and the weather but can’t do pretty much anything else. I would advise you to save your money. It’s a door stop


  voice integration doesnt work well, doesnt recognise names / playlists / room names etcbasically underwhelmed - claims it works out the box and yet, it really doesnt seem to perform even after training.not a lot of support to get it working and even then, a little hit and miss.feel like this may work well in about 5 - 10 years


  Had a problem trying to add a contact spoke to amazon.co.uk and after having to ring twice and being passed around different people I was informed I would get a phone call from the technical department by 5pm on the 6th of January it's now the 16th and I'm still waiting, worst case of amazon customer service I have experienced and as I can't get the use I expected from alexa then I couldn't give it a fair review


  Can’t really give a review on this as it was brought for me as a Xmas present, we set it up and I have used it once for around ten minutes to listen to the radio , not saying I don’t need it but can’t really find a use for it in my life , think in a way if you need this to remind you of doing things I think you really need help and by a bloody good professional, I am sure in time I ( might ) use it more but I doubt it , oh it looks nice I suppose


  Awful... Learning algorithms needs a lot of attention, default apps always with Amazon, lack of association in example Jon bon Jovi living on the prayer will be not found because it was bon Jovi. And Alexa app on phone is just heavy I'm operating a high-end phone and still felt a big blow on my performance when set as main assistant Alexa. Defenetly better to spend your money and buy Google where you don't need to pay for hints in word games... Big advantage is design, really good looking device. But that about it. Its good I got it for free ..


  The dot as speaker is amazing. Unfortunately or fortunately I ve got 3 of them. Many times says cannot turn off or on the lights because is not responding. However, this is not a problem from router or nework related is the ALEXA. The same time when I use google assistant or siri responds straight away and do the job. Unfortunately now I stack with Amazon prpduct and O can't give all my dots and show to buy other one.


  We bought these to replace a DAB radio in our kitchen & another one in the bedroom to use as an alarm. I really want to give them 5 stars. When they are working they are great. But I think Amazon have a long way to go with speech recognition and settings. Quiet often you have to repeat yourself when you ask Alexa to play a particular radio station. Quiet often they don’t respond. The one in the kitchen sometimes develops a “lisp”. One morning this week the alarm in the bedroom went off half an hour before the set time.I bought them on offer at £29.99. I think if I’d paid full price I’d be asking for a refund.But at the moment with all their faults I think I will stick with them.


  Very disappointed in this. It started off great but now the Alexa seems to only play about 2/3 secs of anything that is asked of it before stopping (for instance, the mystery sound, or asking about the weather for the week). Really disappointing.Also, I bought the dot while it was on offer with the Phillips hue light set. Unfortunately, these don’t seem to work together via bluetooth. I now have to get the bridge (at an additional expense) to integrate these. Not good.The only positive thing I can say is that the sound quality is really good so if you integrate with Spotify, or use the Amazon Music available, then it can be really good as a speaker in your kitchen or similar.Poor product all around.


  Things to note before reading: I am from Ireland. I speak with an Irish accent...unless I want Alexa to understand me that is....then I have to use this kind of silly Cockney accent that I learned from watching the IT Crowd. Only problem is I can only ask her "did you see that ludicrous display last night? and she has no idea what I'm on about"Alexa is the perfect buy for anyone seeking reassurance that the machines are not about to take over the planet because once you've had a go you'll realise what an absolutely ridiculous idea that is.I spent my first week on the phone to customer support for different things. First off it registered itself to my .com Amazon account which prevented me from using the "learn my voice" feature.Then the smart plug I bought wouldn't connect for love nor money, back on to customer support to reset and turn everything off and on.Tried creating a custom "skill" for the laugh, no joy simply doesn't work.The app is just crap. It's a craap (hahaha). Seriously though you ask Alexa to delete a todo list and she tells you you have to do it through the app but, of course, the todo list is nowhere to be seen in the app. In fact your echo dot is offline according to the app...great....I'm still talking to it and it's talking back......MAYBE IT'S GONE OFF THE GRID!! - OMG IT'S STARTING! RUN FOR YOUR LIVES!!!


  The Alexa gadget itself is really good,easy to communicate with and does most of what it claims to. What let's it down is that if you use any music subscription service other than Amazon, I use apple music which Alexa claims to support, you will have a problem. This includes constantly having to reset and set up the whole device all over again before you can listen to your music,n when this can happen several times a day it becomes more bother than its worth. However if you use Amazon music, it's all ok. I don't know who is responsible for this but I will say my apple music app works perfectly and with all my other devices.


  I bought this to add to my hobby room so I could use my Fire TV stick without having to continually find the remote, but try as I might I could not find any way to link the two so the Echo Dot could act as voice controller for the Fire TV stick.  As this was the main reason why I bought it, and as I already own a Google home device that links with my mobile and as far as I can tell does most of what this can do I sent back the Dot.


  My Girlfriend bought me this as a gift for Christmas despite me already having several Bluetooth speakers, but i thought i would give it a try, it connected via blue tooth to both my Ipod and my Iphone, i used it to ring my girlfriend, she said it was like a poor in-car hands free sound at her end, when she rang back and i asked  Alexa to answer it, Alexa said there was no phone call. My Ipod has over 11,000 songs on it so i don't need Spotify, Apple music subscription or Amazon music, so can i say Alexa play music, no because the only way it will do that is if you have one of the above PAID subscription services. Can Alexa connect to my 2014 Samsung Smart TV? -nope  need a newer Smart TV that is supported by Alexa.Can Alexa Dim my lights? - Nope not unless i buy some new fancy Light bulbs.....I got the idea early on, its a tool designed to make you  buy stuff and the sound quality as a speaker is pretty poor - No Thanks Alexa.


  I was excited about getting an alexa and I wanted it primarily to stream music. Much to my disappointment however, it will not stream from my basic Spotify account or anywhere else except I purchase amazon music subscriptions or upgrade to Spotify premium. I can’t get it to play music from other sources either so it’s really not doing much for me...I can get news, weather, alarm etc from my phone.


  Hard to link my Hive to Alexa, doesn't recognise the word heating, easier to do the heating via phone, does not connect to other bluetooth devices, not that i've managed at this stage, still fairly new. As with most technical products these days they don't come with easy instructions or any instructions at all. I am drip fed details via e-mail, which finally gave me the details i needed to connect my hive. Booklet definately required. At the moment i am having to print off the e-mails for future use. Money saving i know but not good when you get a new device and can't use it.


  Don't like it, doesn't even recognise my accent properly ( slight Yorkshire ). Alexa turns itself off while I'm saying/asking something, I bought both the Echo Dot and bigger 3rd gen Echo, one a bigger waste of money than the other. I'd wait till it's better at recognising what it's asked or asked to do, best bit of the Echo is the sound is pretty decent. Very disappointed overall.


  Good speaker but won't work with alexa home theater.I have a firestick TV 4K and amazon echo plus that are setup as home theater.  I bought this speaker hoping I can add this to the same setup. For some reason I can either have echo dot or echo plus but not both of them in the home theater.  That was the reason I bought the dot so am very disappointed


  This product was ok at first and had I not bought two Alexa's at the same time I don't think I would have been able to know the difference. But the thing just isn't available to respond unless there is another sounds in earshot, it's really annoying even if it is playing the louder the volume is the louder the command you have to make..I find myself actually having to shout before the thing responds..


  They are not bad as a stand alone speaker but I was hoping to have a few dotted around the house to have as a multi speaker set up. The first problem you have is that only one device can be set up properly with your Amazon music the others if you speak to them want to set you up with trials etc. I wasn't able to buy a second black one as after one purchase I had exceeded my limit of devices? Got around this and bought a grey one instead. Overall it doesn't do what I really wanted it to so will probably give them to the kids and look for something else.


  Had as a gift and getting used to it. Set up seemed to take some time, but once connected everything seems to be ok. Very small and light, and easy to hold and transport.  When playing music I would like a bit more sound espcially when in a different room.There are different features but still need to explore, so have to give a lower score at the moment.


  At the price I paid it’s very good however the main reason I wanted it was to play my audible books through it and it does not work contacted amazon support who put me onto audible support who did not have a clue have done the usual on and off dereigister etc still nothing so beware audible customers


  Was miss sold this product.Was told I could play two devices for £3-99.Before I purchased. It.After receiving dot. Was then told I was given wrong information.  Four times speaking to amazon connected with situation.  Wasn’t solved.  Hopefully the fifth time will be lucky. Dot ok wouldn’t have paid full price though got it Black Friday deals


  I've been trying to find contact details for Amazon to consider sending the echo dot back.  I have purchased Amazon music but I have lots of playlista already set up on my spotify account which Alexa just will not connect with at all.  One of the devices will show up on the spotify playable devices but the other one doesn't show up at all!  I want to know if this is fixable and if not, I think I'll be sending it back.  Disappointed!!!


  I'm not sure if I have a defective one but this one understands nothing and often does random things. I will add I also have an older version that works perfectly well but this new one is just not good. It can't understand simple commands. Get the older version.I would return this if I still had the box.


  Our Echo Dot was a free gift, so I'm glad I didn't have to pay for it, because Alexa is pretty clueless.It is quite good at telling you the time, setting a timer or telling you the weather forecast, but beyond that ... Useless!  The most common answer it gives, to virtually all questions, is "I don't know that!"I don't have Amazon Unlimited Music, so I guess if you ask it to play something that is not free with Prime Music, a charge will be made.In all this is just a marketing device to get you to buy more Amazon products and services.


  Tried setting it up at home for the family. for some reason despite the instruction stating it does, it doesn't allow creating voice profiles to be set and therefore your privacy is gone. Because Alexa thinks anyone speaking to her is you, it will read your messages via skills, will reveal your purchase history etc. Also, it's not possible to setup child accounts with age restrictions or anything like that.


  Overall this is a below average product. It never seems to have the answer and just says “I am not sure.” When asking it to play a playlist it doesn’t seem to recognise the name. It doesn’t appear to to its job very well. It is now just another music player in the house and because it doesn’t always acknowledge voice commands, I have to end up controlling it from the app. A pretty pointless piece of tech, I don’t really know what its purpose is.


  Overall I am happy with the Echo I purchased, however, it has  developed a problem with shutting off when playing BBC Radio 2 after 2 to 5 minutes which I haven't been able to resolve through Amazon troubleshooting pages. I don't know whether it is faulty or whether it is just a software issue. There is no helpline you can contact which is frustrating so this needs to be addressed. Be careful if you have issues and search for help as I phoned what I thought was a Amazon helpline but it turned out to be a third party company who got access to my computer saying that my Echo needed to have its software updated. As soon as they said I needed to buy anti virus software so that they could update and rectify my Echo I rumbled them and shutdown my computer. This could have been avoided if Amazon had a clear helpdesk for the Echo.


  Amazon continues to improve the Echo and increase the product range. I was so impressed with it I bought 4 dots for the house - one for each family member. However, after the initial honeymoon period I became frustrated with its lack of multi tenancy-that is to say the poor support for multiple users. User profiles can be setup but only work against the associated amazon account. In other words the profiles have limited scope in terms of what you can associate the user with.We have Spotify premier in our house and I really wanted each profile to be connected to its own Spotify account which is not possible in any practical way. There is some wierd way where 2 adults and a teenager can be setup but again it has some limitations. Note this is not a hardware problem. It is easily solved by an update.  Amazon need to rethink multi tenancy completely. Any number of profiles should be able to use my echo dot and access *their* associated Spotify account or whatever. If I’ve trained my voice in my house I should be able to go to my friends house and within seconds associate my profile with my friends echo dot. I think Amazon will eventually fix this but it may take google to do it first before this happens.


  Only worth buying if you have Prime and Amazon unlimited music. It plays radio but that's about it as far as music goes. I didn't realise it was so limited and it constantly encourages you to purchase Amazon subscriptions. The sound is a bit tinny but I only paid £30 for it so I wasn't expecting it to compete with my Bose speaker. Its quick and easy to use but was a slow delivery. I recommend researching this product and comparing it to other devices to find the right one that suits you. If you already have Amazon subscriptions then this could be just what you need.


  Took a while to get one of these and really only got it because it was £0.01 on a deal. Can’t really see what all the fuss is about - just for lazy people who don’t want to pick up their gear to use. Does not answer questions very well unless they are American or English in origin - everything seems to come from Wikipedia and we all know how reliable that is.Over all spending £50 would have been a waste of money and very glad I got it for nothing or else I would have returned it already.


  I apologise for my confusing review? But I must say this. I gave up trying to get this  connected to my WiFi. Iwa# going round and round in  circles . It’s not as  straightforward as it looks . I found getting fire stick so much more  easier and straightforward. I bought this for my mother to use. Sorry Echo but am sending you back. I hope if ever is reading this has more fun than I did.


  I dont like being thanked by electronics. Contrary to what Amazon want you to believe alexa or echo as I renamed it is not a sentiant being. Its an object that should react to your instructions without thanking you, asking your opinion or offering up extra unwanted information. I even read that some people actually thank it! You dont thank your kettle for boiling water.All I want is for it to do what its told to without wittering on like its married to me.


  I bought this for my dad for his birthday. It has an American accent and doesn't recognise any British radio stations or anything British really. There must be something wrong with the settings but we can't work out what to do.


  Well the tech is great - when it works.  I've seen & heard Alexa dot at friend's houses and bit the bullet as my kids kept bugging me.  So, Christmas morning after what seemed an age and about 5 attempts I eventually got our Amazon Alexa Dot up & running.  My kids were over the moon.  Great stuff.  Until Alexa reported she couldn't understand anymore, resulting in no music & just the same message time & time again accompanied by the red swirling ring.  Online research revealed we were not alone. Either Amazon underestimated the amount of devices online xmas day or something more sinister.  Let's hope it's not the later, but either way very dissapointing on Xmas day.  Sort it out Amazon.


  My dear Mum bought this for me as a Christmas gift because I already had an ‘Echo’ and loved it. She thought the ‘Dot’ meant I wouldn’t have to move the ‘Echo’ from downstairs to upstairs when I wanted to listen to music in the shower. What she didn’t realise (and I came to learn once I’d set up the ‘Dot’) is that you have to pay double in order to use Amazon music on both devices, and as it’s only me and my wife in the house (assuming the cats aren’t interested in using it that is) It’s pointless paying the extra cost to use both. So unless you have a large family fighting over what music to listen to and in what room, I wouldn’t bother buying it. Also the voice activation wasn’t very responsive. It takes a few tries for it to hear you and then does as it likes when it finally does.


  even though amazon advertise that the Alexa will control your fire stick tv IT WON'T.I bought this dot as a second amazon to control my TV and Amazon Fire stick. After a couple of hours trying to link them together I went onto the net and found out that the TV control service is not yet available in this country, so be aware if this is why you want one.


  Purchased for neighbour who already Hadd two echo dots 3rd Gen, but this one would only play radio stations (mainly BBC) for a maximum of 5 or 6 minutes before switching off. Tried different locations rebooting etc. but still would not work. The other units play radio no problem. It was returned via the excellent returns system


  Spent a couple of hours trying to get Echo to understand my (Scottish) voice but no luck. Not sure why she kept saying to try again later but it could be due to a slower than average internet speed where we live. If you have super fast then it might work well but i ended up returning. I had wanted to use Echo for playing music on Sonos and managing hue lights but it worked so erratically that it wasn't worth the effort - quicker just to use phone to do so.


  Great assistant in the house but for one thing...from January this year you can't play your own music through the echo dot and this alone makes me wish I had gone with Google home.  UPDATE It's now 3 months since I bought this and the audio sounds like it's been in the sink, dreadful, no amount of unplugging etc will change it, it's going back. A quick search online shows this problem is so very common.


  Installed this to integrate with my existing Smart Home devices such as Hive, TpLink lighting controllers and cameras.After installation my whole Deco network collapsed ie slowed down badly. Removed the Alexa and everything returned to normal. Slightljy disappointed as the product is very well designed and for music was very good


  Set up okay at home. Took it on holiday and the app would not connect it to any of four available wifi options. Repeatedly went to set up, only for 'Alexa' to close set up. Tried numerous websites/forums etc but gave up after two wasted hours. Much overrated piece of tech.


  The main reason I bought an echo was to listen to my music library via PLEX but the connection to PLEX appears to be very flaky so I have to keep setting up again and again. I have got to the point now where there is nothing I can do to get it working again. It keeps "I'll notify the PLEX team" like this is going to help me somehow but obviously it won't. I'm now left with using it to listen to radio stations which isn't quite the same.


  I bought this for my bedroom after receiving an Echo for my Christmas which I absolutely love. However, I’m really disappointed with the Dot. The sound is awful, I listen to Audible audiobooks at night to help me sleep but the voices are so muffled, I struggle to hear what’s being said. I’ve tried streaming the books from my iPad through Bluetooth but it’s no better, my iPad mini actually sounds better on its own. Even when I listen to the radio in the morning, there’s still an awful muffled quality so I end up turning on my radio-alarm clock. I’m not a music buff by any means so I don’t get all excited about richer bass or enhanced treble or whatever music buffs need to have, I just want to listen to music (or books) and enjoy what I hear and I definitely don’t with this. I did get it at a reduced price but I wish I had forked out for another Echo. Wouldn’t recommend at all.


  Great product overall, but not happy as you can only listen to prime limited music on one echo device on the same wi fi network...be it phone, pc, kindle, echo etc. I subscribe to prime and spend a fortune with Amazon every year on warehouse products, Audible etc. At least 2 seperate devices would be appreciated for music. Especially as I have bought two echo's. I am not paying extra subscription.


  The echo dot is the answer to the question nobody has asked. If you want an alarm, you already have one : it’s your phone. If you need some information: ask your phone. If you want to play music use something else. I have had this for months in the hope that it would prove useful and that Amazon would enhance the user experience with software updates. Nothing but a gimmick.


  Just over a year old and now the speaker is muffled and rattly, hard to listen to, sounds like it’s ruptured.Having trouble getting in contact with customer service at this time to enquire if it can be replaced. Think I’m just out of warranty by a few weeks.


  I received this just over a week ago, yet when playing the radio on it, it switches itself off, without my request.  I have come home this evening and it is not working and is displaying red.  When I get a moment to check it, it won’t worry me for a while to do so.  Disappointed customer.


  Item arrived but was on an old version of software and couldn’t integrate with my setup. Tried updating the software but it kept dropping out of the internet. Amazon have been good to issue a refund. It’s the only issue I have had with any of the Echo family products.


  I am not pleased with what is actually played compared to what I ask to be played. Unless my choices of music are so off the wall as to be unknown (yet the LPs or CDs that are in my position). Alexa plays things by other artists. I am pleased with the sound quality though, when I can finally get it to play something that I want.


  Very limited use...when I want to listen to music from some band, I always get the message to sign up for amazon unlimited music and pay additional money monthly. Unreliable for reminders, it happened couple of times to skip reminders and when I ask her to say, no reminders even though later I see a written notification on my phone for the same reminder. So, I would not rely on her for alarms and reminders. Going through the shopping list is more difficult than just write it down myself. Whenever I say to "switch off" she is saying message like "if I am getting to chatty for you..." Really not as I expected to be.


  Well, I ordered two of these last year July  one for me and one for my daughter.  I used mine infrequently but when I did it was for a couple of hours at a time. Three weeks after the guarantee expired IT DIED!!! As I had got used to it. I asked if I could use my daughter's one. Which she had used once. I used it ONCE and it too DIED. They are both out of reund/replace period by 3 weeks. If you want something with a short life span go ahead and order one. But I was not a heavy user. And to have 2 die a day apart after one year is not acceptable.


  While I accept that it may take some time for me to understand what I want Alexa to do, and for Alexa to get used to my preferences, I have found the experience somewhat frustrating. Clearly I am not the target market aged 65, but C,ask Alex music is not high on Alexa’s experience and Amazon Music Unlimited is actually very limited in the Classical genre - movements from Symphonies May be available but very few actual whole works; and some composers don’t seem to exist. Similarly finding podcasts from the BBC proved a challenge for Alexa - The Infinite Monkey Cage I eventually found after a couple of days hard search on the App. So far, I just see he Echo Dot as a bit of a gimmick, but perhaps I am judging it too soon, and perhaps I am not the right customer.


  Given as a Christmas present and to be honest I have been underwhelmed by. To start with you have to load up any apps you might want with it connected to your phone and then I could only see pointless things like fart sounds! I tried asking it for a recipe and I had to download an app first. Tried connecting to my lg t.v and there is no function to turn it on! It may be me but first impressions count and I've now switched it off


  Alexa still has a very long way to go. I bought an Echo and Echo Dot. The dot constantly got confused, froze many times and the sound is obviously not as good as the Echo. Initial set up was easy but soon started to lose its way with connectivity and random beep noises in the night. I’ve returned the dot in favour for another Echo. Quite frustrating when Alexa repeats something that’s completely the opposite of what it was asked. It’s like trying to teach a 3 year old.


  I didn't like the fact that when I asked for a song that wasn't on the Amazon playlist I was immediately without accepting put on a trial. If I didn't go into the Amazon site online and withdraw from the trial before a certain date I would be charged.  I said no but Alexa went ahead anyway. That's a con.


  I knew that the sound was not going to be the best, but the audio on this basic model is really very grim and indistinct.Without associated devices, the utility needs to be explored in depth. Don't like the link to audiobooks which would leave me with yet another unwanted subscription. Choice of music in Prime store is very limited.


  Bought this to use with my earlier Echo dot. Sounds like it is contained in a room stuffed with cotton wool. The older one is brilliant with crisp sound, compared to this, which quite honestly I cannot always follow. Good job I have been able to link it to my Bose speaker, or it would be flying back to the seller. Otherwise it's very good.


  For a device that sits on your LAN having to insist that your NAS is accessible from the Internet, opening up a Cyber threat vector rather than simply addressable on the local subnet is a bizarre approach to integration.Not insurmountable but most ISP supplied routers do not necessarily help with securing the new footprint.Pretty pants all things considered hence the 1 Star rating


  I bought this to add to older echo dot and echo plus system. Non of my echoes are any serious use as music players but in an attempt to improve the sound this one is very bassy and muffled. Its now useless as a speech output device AS WELL AS useless as a music player so that is a great improvement (NOT) amazon! Wish I'd stuck with old echo 2's.Its not just an age related issue as our younger daughter can be caught saying (about alexa) what did she say? I'd say the original echo dot (2 I think) was best for clarity of speech. The echo dot 3 and echo plus are both pretty useless on speech quality. All echos are useless for music unless you are very VERY non critical.


  I'm had a gen 1 dot for a long time.  Wanted something to replace DAB radio in the kitchen.  Try to stream BBC radio on this and it works perfectly for at most 5 mins, then stops.  Useless.  Interesting I purchased a Show 8 at this same time (for bedroom) and it works perfectly on that.At £20 the dot is too good to be true.  If you want something that can stream BBC radio get the Show 8.


  Easy to set up/ well made but concerns over its listening duties especially evident when it speaks without being activated.  Also, I am an Amazon prime member who gets a certain amount of free Amazon music with Prime, why did I need to complete the enrollment and payment section?


  Got this after using the 2nd generation at work. I’d read that this one picked up voices from farther away. 9 months in and honestly I’m over it. I will be right next to it and have to say ‘Alexa’ repeatedly to wake it. 2nd generation much better, it’s still going strong at work and hears me from across the room!


  Ok sound, but it’s the functionality you buy this for.  Make sure you cancel voice purchasing immediately though, as your kids can shout YES to very calculated suggested purchases Alexa randomly offers - then you get an email saying you have bought something off your Apple Account...with no refund option!


  I find the whole Alexa expefience, informative and fun, my eyesight has worsened recently so now when I want to.know something I can just ask Alexa instead of squinting at my tablet and the bonus of having someone say good morning and goodnight really cheers me up


  Really annoyed as it worked well upstairs for the first couple of days, and now, just like the echo we used before, it seems unable to connect to the internet upstairs anymore?!! Weird as other WiFi items, phone, tv etc, in the same position, all connect on full WiFi?!! Both products and an amazon plug we bought, link perfectly for a few days and then play up consistently... the only one that works properly is positioned more or less on top of our router!It’s not an internet issue as all of our other WiFi items work fine all of the time. Amazon when are you going to fix this?!!!


  I loved the Dot when it first came out, it has however recently stopped working properly. Spotify keeps disconnecting and the amazon music is now more limited. I think this may be a change of policy with amazon but this not what I signed up for. when you try connecting two dots it doesn't always work. I have had to reconnect my office 3 times in the last month which is timely. I fear it is tech and dev problems. I own 3 dots but would not buy another one or any other amazon product until they sort this out.


  it has to be plugged all the time no battery!  When asked to play music, it keeps saying here is some thing similar as you need to buy Spotify or Amazon music. as for switching things on and of you Wifi lights and switches etc. Also Wifi TV's have to be left on standby so all extra unwanted cost's.other wise V/Good


  This was the third Alexa device I've bought. It is great for turning on my Computer plug. Only issue is that I have set it up with my phone Alexa App. Only issue is that it has lost connection a number of times so far. Great for playing my Audible books also. very happy...VERY UNHAPPY - it's now £20 cheaper. I should have waited :(


  Isn’t able to tell me who’s singing a song on the radio (my old radio could) and just doesn’t start up every time it’s switched on. Took three unplugs and re-plugs today. If it happens once more it’s going back


  iam on my third echo dot now , so really disappointing with it the speaker in it is rubbish , it never on full volume and after 2 or 3 weeks it develops a hissing sound  which max alexa sound like she has a massive speech impediment aka a lisp and any music playing also sounds really tinny  , so found out today that you buy a new one from amazon and if it fails they only send you a refurbished one  NOT  a new one like you buy in the first place , this is wrong  all there doing is replacing rubbish for rubbish ,  , i wont be wasting any more time or money on this product again i will be seeking  money back on the 3 i have


  And then it wasn't. It no longer connects to my wifi. It picks up the wifi, but won't register it. I assume a long call to Amazon would be in order, but I only had it a month before it started playing up. It's more trouble than its worth, which is disappointing.


  *update- the device started playing only one song.... and it seems that no one know how to fix it... other than that, the below still standsGreat little product! Got offered one and within 2 weeks of using it, we’ve ordered a second one (lounge and kitchen).Alexa is quite flexible and does most things as requested. The more natural you get on with it, the better the experience!The sound is good, coming from a pill of it’s size- it’s got a jack input for sound systems which is even better!


  Well I can not see the point to  these items it costs more to run the thing than its wrth the songs are not the versions I am used to  and you apear to have to dhut at it for it to stop mot impressed st all if your windering why I hsve hot one it wss a present


  I purchased an additional echo to enjoy stereo sound when playing audio from Radio sources...but it doesn't support this. Stereo is only available when streaming from amazon music or Spotify.This is a monumental omission.Please sort Amazon!


  Alexa does not seem to understand me approx 50% of the time. I have a slight northern accent and my English is excellent. .She on the other hand has  an American accent and continually  refers to the USA. I also have a Google assistant in the house who is much more helpful and I would heartily recommend. I am very disappointed with Alexa..


  I don’t know why as I love my other echo but this,one struggles a lot in hearing me, and doesn’t seem to work as well.  Unfortunately I went away for few weeks before opening otherwise I would have sent this model back as maybe it is faulty, usually they work very well.


  Amazon claim this issue is fixed via a firmware update. It is not fixed. The device is excellent otherwise. but having a piece of electronics you need to constantly unplug for 30 seconds every hour or so to make it worth listening to is VERY disappointing for even the cheapest unit let alone from the leading retailer on the planet. I would absolutely NOT recommend this product. Amazon have got a poor product here.


  This was a gift from my daughter. I set it up and it works. The sound quality is actually very impressive. However I find I haven't used it after setting it up. Why? Because it really doesn't do anything useful, by which I mean anything I might want such a gadget to do. It can't access the info on my 'phone, or computer, which would actually be useful to be able to do hands free. It's irritating to have to address such a thing by a name chosen by the body corporate. It looks like gathering dust.


  Isn't nowhere as knowledgeable as google.  Thought I would be able to talk to it in different languages, but it can't.  It appears very limited in my opinion and is not a particular educational tool.  No doubt it will improve with better speech recognition, and wider facilities.  Currently not really worth having


  Still a work in progress for controlling home devices.Worked ok for first months to control Sonos, but suddenly ceased to implement commands for no clear reason.Have not been able to resolve issues with controlling Evohome heating system in the same rooms as sonos devices, despite renaming everything to avoid name clashes.


  I hate leaving bad reviews but with my Alexa , she is linked to my spotify, the internet, tuned in and she can never find any song or station i ask her for. All i ever get is that she cannot find this song in my library or spotify. I then need to go to my phone and select it then play it through Alexa.Its really only good for asking her to turn up down and off the rest she is just useless


  Speaks only in USA female English language.  Cant change that . Sound quality 20% of the Echo . BASS non existent.  Paid 14.99 for a month and got this for 99p . Deffo glad I didn't pay more .


  I had Echo as a Xmas present.  I had seen friends with Alexa and liked the ability to play music of ones choice.  However I find that this costs £48 a year.  Which is not worth it to me.  I have Spotify Free on my laptop and tablet which suits me.  (I tried to put Spotify on Echo but failed)  It seems that Echo is only useful to answer questions .  Most often I ask for weather forecasts which s a bit of a waste of time as the TV provides these.  Am I missing something?


  I thought this would be "intelligent" but it is very limited. So limited, in fact, that amazon regularly have to send emails listing the questions that it can answer (if your question isn't on one of the lists there's a very good chance that Alexa won't have a clue what you're asking).


  Amazing best item I have purchased in a long whileI think all care homes should have them as they can help keep you amused and up to date with the world.Also I feel that Alexa could help elderly people living alone as they can talk to her and ask her to playThink you should advertise it for this market.Stay safeThank you AmazonBrilliant as always


  This is ok. It works. But the speaker doesn't sound great when it's a bit on the loud side. I guess it depends what you are looking for. I prefer our Echo Input device which is plugged into my stereo as an audio output.Edit** on adding another it's become quite complicated.


  This product was given to me as a gift. They are quite useful however once in awhile the speaker gets all distorted and fuzzy. This happens randomly so can be annoying when you have music playing or she is talking to you.The person who gave it to me swapped it for an exchange due to the playback problems but recieved a refurbished one to replace the brand new one. They were told this is the policy and that they do not offer refunds. Just something to keep in mind should you be thinking about making a purchase.


  I have six echoes of various models which are fine except one of them will not play my playlists, the help section is a series of scenarios which does not cover my problem, it does not seem possible to speak to or even email or online chat with an actual person or even report the problem, given that I have spent several hundred pounds on devices and around £180 per year on a subscription I think this is totally unacceptable but there does not seem to be anything you can do about it.


  Overall happy with item. Only concern is with privacy. Hub turns itself on to listening mode without being requested. So I tend to unplug it unless I need it for period of time. Then unplug again. Obviously dont want to be doing that as it loses the point of being smart hands free device


  Alexa cannot seem to recognize even the simplest of requests. My voice recog on Android (Google) is hugely superior to this.Frustrating. Good idea. Poor product.Make sure you turn off voice purchasing. Cannot understand why anyone would want this item to have any authority over spending habits.


  It seems to me that this gadget is little more than a device to encourage people to sign up to various accounts for music, spoken books etc. The speaker is well made and performs it's basic functions effectively however other than the spoken word (eg talk radio) sound quality is poor. You have to link it to a remote speaker for any improvement. This may well be no bother for other users but I tend to use mine as a stand alone device.Also there is no battery backup on this device and so it must be plugged into the main electricity supply at all times.


  Started off ok, then after a week or so music becomes distorted and echo cannot recognise wake word. Have to u plug and restart to make it work again. Amazon return policy for JUST this device was more difficult than the usual 5* no nonsense return/replace. Directed to tech support before they would issue a replacement. Waiting for replacement and email suggests I will need to keep my cables etc? Let’s see if they give me a new unit or refurb.


  This hardly gets used. Firstly the voice recognition isn’t great, secondly you have to sign up to all sorts of things to use it how you’d like. For instance if I said “play Strawberry Fields” I would be told that it can’t and I’d need to sign up to Amazon’s music service. It then plays Beatles radio instead.  Wouldn’t recommend it. My son was thrilled when he got this but barely uses it now.  Rubbish birthday present.


  Under the impression Alexa could do what the tv advert said but with no further costs involved. Unfortunately this is not the case. To link to the LG tv I need to buy a further box (? rather defeats the point of buying the one?). Amazon music is free for limited time only and then further costs incur. Weather, time, reminders ok


  This was the 2 nd we bought, it’s used in the bedroom as an alarm only and the check the morning weather, speaker now broken, waiting for our money back but they are dragging their heals


  Drop in - intercom mode - is not enabled. That was the whole reason I bought two echo dots, so I didn’t have to shout up the stairs! It can be got round by using the ‘Alexa, announce that’ command every time you speak. But it’s definitely not working as the possible intercom device it claims to be. Disappointed but will update this review if amazon gets its drop in working properly.


  For a gadget that's supposed to be easy to setup I found it to have been frustratingly difficult. I have BT Whole Home to boost my wifi signal, the Echo Dot linked up but refused to work (sent a message about refusing to use an unsecured network). After leaving it for a week it seems to start working BUT now it randomly loses connection from the wireless transmitter only 6" away. The same one that the PS4 streams to with no issues in the next room.


  Good sound goo voice recognition etc but...………………………………….If you are buying this to link to your spotify account DONT!!!!!!!! Its a NIGHTMARE!!!!!!!!! Constantly fails to place, drops the link between Spotify and dot or recognises Spotify but when you ask to play a track it just wont play. I've tried a hundred different methods to fix this but so far no success. I'll try it over this weekend again and if no joy will be returning it in favour of something else.


  We bought this for my 6 year old daughter for Christmas - if it hasn't been used for a day or so, it appears to disconnect from our WIFI meaning we have to switch it on and off again - then instantly connects. At some point I also seem to have been subscribed to Amazon Music despite linking my Spotify account to the app. When i try to unsubcribe, I have to log on and go through the unsubscribe process - worrying how quickly I can subcribe to something (unknown to me!) yet have to leap through hoops to unsubscribe. Classic Amazon - it's all $$$$


  Was quite excited about this but then it arrived and we switched it on. Pointless and money making. Basically you have to pay 3.99 for it to play music as most the songs aren't on the normal amazon music, even then 70% of songs we ask her to play.. she ends up playing something else!


  Great little speaker, great sound quality, much improved over 1st gen.However, getting the music package moved form old gen1 (which is now upstairs) to new gen 3 is nigh on impossible.Seems to want me to buy family package instead of moving package to a different speaker. Not happy at all!!!!!


  The speaker was bad and faulty and I have returned it.The replacement received died on the following day and wouldn't power up at all.Received another replacement which is much better better and working well so far.


  I bought the Echo Dot for my bedroom. When it works it's OK. The trouble is, it tends to go to sleep in the night and no matter how many times I say Alexa,, nothing happens. Tried turning it off and on again. I don't think Alexa likes the cold as she works OK in the warm living room.


  Still this thing struggles to recognise a Scottish Glaswegian accent, I thought maybe third time would be a charm.Not being funny or anything but if it can recognise a Liverpudlian accent or a broad Cornish/Welsh accent then why does it struggle with Glaswegian?


  The dot has good sound and is loud and efficient enough for a small tidy product.HOWEVER Alexa has got worse and worse, it seems with every update you get less functionality. The voice commands are shoddy and slow, more often than not you don’t get a response. Or not the one you want.I feel like amazon are just reaping the benefits of selling so many of these but aren’t putting anything back into the R&D of what makes them tick...


  I have to reboot this device at least twice in one week.Reminder setting simple to do but Alexa said nothing. Had to reboot.Locking on to radio stations can be problematic even if Alexia did it before. Had to reboot.Volume is goodInformation advice - not child friendly.


  I like the sound quality. It was easy to set up. You need some sort of monthly contract, like amazon prime to play the songs you want. Their profits are scaled up whilst your money is scaled down. I don't like repeated payments for services so will be keeping my old CDs too.


  good looking, sound when playing music is acceptable but when interacting with alexa the voice is far too bass and sounds so muffled it can be unintelligible. even when bass and mid range at lowest it’s still horrendous. maybe a duff unit? i don’t think so.


  Whilst the Dot is a nice little thing, you are not made aware that even though you pay £4.99 a month subscription to Amazon Misic already on the Echo, you then have to double the cost of your subscription to £9.99 to enable you to play the same subscription from 2 devices! I feel like I’ve been conned


  Poor sound. Very muffled. I purchased the Dot for the bedroom after buying a full sized Echo. What a nice bit of kit. Dot returned, After refund was issued I purchased another full sized Echo. Really happy Now. Well done Amazon.


  I thought Alexa was good at first but have had no end of trouble with connection. It is unusable more often than usable its one of the worst things I have purchased


  I bought this to turn my lights on and off since I have had it it's never worked properly it says it doesn't recognise the skill I have to do it manually in the app it will only play radio paradise for a few minutes at a time then I have to ask it to play radio paradise again. I don't know if it is there is a something wrong with it or not. I only bought this second item because I was having the same trouble with the first echo dot


  Couldn't resist getting one if these.Sadly the usability proved to be more if a pain than benefit.Sure at sometime these will be essential.Not right now though.


  It’s small it works and it doesn’t do much if anything I want. But then I found my 10 year old grandson doing his homework - "Alexa what 278 x 17?" and the answer came back. Marvellous. So it's horses for courses.


  Perhaps the issue is with Bing (the search engine that Alexa gets her answers from, as opposed to Google), many questions you ask Alexa are not well answered. You cannot ask a follow-on question related to the previous question (alexa sees this as if its a new question so you need to put the question in context for her). Hardware is nice and speaker is good considering the size but ultimately its more of a novelty item than a real assistant.


  Nice looking small speaker but sound quality Weak.  I also own it’s Big Brother the sound quality from that is mediocre to.  Plus Alexa decided to wake me up in the middle of the night for no apparent reason  and often gets confused by my requests .


  I tried to add a second Echo Dot to my home network, which appeared to work ok  but when trying things like "Alexa play Radio2 on everywhere" I ended up with random radio stations on services such as S2. This would appear to be related to the way Amazon and the BBC (with BBC Sounds) work together.  Whatever the reason, my second Dot is rather useless as it can't sync with certain services.


  Having initially bought an echo plus the prices went up so I bought a dot for the bedroom... issues connecting, often not doing what I asked and feeling like I’d wasted my money was compounded when the plus yet again went on sale a week later at £10 more than I paid for this.... advice would be wait for the echo plus to be in sale!


  Bought this product because I saw that it could read my kindle books which it does butUnfortunately the reading speed is so fast you cannot follow the story so is prettyUseless for this purpose.


  Invasive, Alexa listens to you, she drags you deeper into the Amazon retail jungle. Using it as just a digital radio with AI is actually quite hard, everything is designed towards Amazonisation.


  Don't really use it now, lost interest; pretty certain this bloody thing signed me up for an Amazon Music unlimited account (never used) without me knowing (now cancelled by £70 down the crapper).Sound quality is good though


  A gift, but what the heck do I use it for?  I have asked it questions but it can answer very few.  Things I can Google (other search engines are available) it doesn’t have a clue.  It can act as a Bluetooth speaker for my iPad and my phone, but I don’t listen to music at home much anyway.  Can be used as a paperwieght.


  I bought this as an additional unit to my Echo2 which is downstairs. I doesn't seem as 'intelligent' as my echo 2  for instance it won't play BBC Sounds. It will play BBC radio but only from "Tune in". Her voice is gratingly american and am often having to to rephrase my request. I ask it to "play my music" she says "playing your music" then proceeds to play it downstairs. So I need to say "play my music on office" to make it play on the device requested. To me that is unintelligent programming. Shame


  These devices would be far more useful if they didn't go out of their way to misunderstand you to advertise more of Amazon's paid services.I'd pay twice the price for a smart speaker that wasn't programmed to be one of those hard-sell salesmen everyone hates.


  I like the fact that you can add your Spotify on the app and that you can just say “Alexa play.. (song)” and that it will just do it but you have to have Spotify premium. The voice recognition is crap because it responds to Alexa but then it gets all the things I say for it to do wrong. I’ll say Alexa pause and it will turn up the music that is playing. Also, we have 2 Alexas In our house but only one can send announcements to another. On my Alexa app it says that the network won’t connect please try again but it never Works any solutions??


  It's a good for listening to music, weather, etc. However, the downside is the wire, which is needed to power the device, it gets in the way and music has to discontinue while transporting it into another room. There is room for improvement but its satisfactory and overall I'm pleased.One issue I experienced is when the device randomly stops, which happened several times whilst playing songs. It wont turn back on unless I switch it off at the socket and turn it back on again. Can that be fixed or what is the cause?


  It’s in the cupboard. I don’t bother using it. It will co e out when the person who bought it as a resent for me visits but beyond that. I’m not impressed my iPhone does all that can and better


  Bought this mainly for my wife we have amazon music on the phone and she likes asking Alexa for various artists and songs. Sound quality is not brilliant but ok. Alexa app on my phone keeps crashing which spoils some features.  Alexa voice I have trouble understanding, would be much better if different voices were available.


  Not accurate at all for example when asking where is the nearest chemist ? It told me of 2 about 16/20 miles away whereas my google home mini tells me exactly and acyoritlyn. A big dissl


  Alexa is a nightmare on this device doesnt respond to voice commands all the time


  Did not want to work in the area where we live (countryside) - gave them to a family member who lives close to a city - works excellent!!!!


  Could not connect it to WiFi no matter what, tried with support from Amazon but nothing I have to keep my old one which work fine.I swapped with another one and again same thing. Not sure if is a software or component issue. I will try next generation


  Slightly disappointed, it will play radio and my music but not my Netflix or Prime. Alexa doesn’t seem to understand quite simple instructions ie Turn off the radio4. I have to keep repeating it. I have quite a clear voice.


  My hubby has the more expensive one. This one I use in my room and it seems to be hard of hearing and struggle with comprehending!!  A quality issue I think.


  It doesn't have European Spanish, almost all the music I requested it is not available if you dont pay amazon music and don't try to manage with two diferents mobile phones only one.


  If I had paid for this I would probably send it back but as I got it free with BT Package will hang on to it and who knows - it may find a use.  Although to get anything useful would appear you have to pay and pay and pay for things that could be useful.


  Had a first generation for over three years with no issues, bought this to replace that one, as I wanted to move it upstairs. Sound quality is okay, very bass driven, has failed to recognise voice many times, drops internet connect multiple times a day. All issues I’ve never had with first generation. The look and feel are much improved but seems to be lacking slightly over the first generation at present.


  This worked fine for the first two weeks. Now it says it can’t find songs that (a) are in the default music provider (Amazon Music) and (b) it was happily playing just yesterday. The song appears in the Amazon Music app, and I can play it on my iPad, but Alexa reckons she can’t find it. She is also struggling to find the playlists we set up. Has managed to become useless overnight. Very disappointing.


  I didn't no what to expect with this echo dot because my daughter told me I would love it and would be lost without but to be honest Im thinking I would be better off without it


  Cuts out a lot...has to be switched off for a short time then restarted. Occasionally the sound distorts. Shame as I love it. Got it as a present so looking into returns !


  Having problems at the moment with my internet mainly upload speed.Once hopefully fixed I can give a fair rating but at the moment answering questions is very poor.Sorry Alexa.


  Haven’t really used it because if l ask to turn of the lights it always says don’t understand or can’t connect, won’t connect to my security cameras either so l need to have lots of different apps


  Was looking forward to using an Alexa to catch-up on BBC radio via the BBC 'skill'.  Didn't work out that way, and despite resets and advice from Amazon it still didn't play ball.  Returned and awaiting an exchange item.


  We have 2 of the new 3rd gen devices (dot and video screen version) and both are very frustrating to use as you have to literally shout at them to activate the device. We also have some of the 1st gen devices in the house and they perform so much better and the speaker quality is notable better too. Looks like Amazon are scrimping on materials.


  Disappointed with the search engine. If you ask Alexa to tell you the wind speed in MPH. She tells you in KPH. Which is no good to me. I'm old school don't understand metric systems.


  Sound quality is better than gen2 but this gen 3 keeps freezing and becomes unresponsive so have to power it of and back on regularly.


  I really liked it but on quite a few occasions I asked Alexia for recipes or music to be played or a question .alexia didn't answer or didn't understand machine wasn't responding .its ok but not what they say it's meant to do or respond


  What I thought was great product turned out to be a nightmare and that was just setting it up.. You then have to subscribe to Amazon, which seems for life to experience any real content... So sent it back...


  Worked as it should have for a few weeks but then it went strange. I had it set for 8am national news radio wake up alarm which was fine but after a few weeks, 5 minutes into the news it repeated the same news from the start.  Then for no reason, it went from the news station to a German radio station.I don’t k ow what’s going on with it.


  Alexa speakers are good for weather, music, calling people, some stupid jokes that are uploaded, but thats about it. Worth £49.99? not at all! I would value it at £20-30 max.And I am really, really concerned about my privacy at home. The speaker's 4 mics are always on. There is a on/off button but that means you have to switch it on every time you want to "talk" to her.Overall - too pricy, getting too close to home privacy, not my thing.Might be selling Echo dot 3rd gen. for £30


  Mic is absolute garbage, you'll find yourself raising your voice and repeating commands constantly. 1st and 2nd gen versions have a much better mic so save some money and avoid this glorified paperweight.


  Changed the default music service to Spotify but tried to like any song or add song to playlist. Alexa doesnt support that.Moreover, if I see some playlist on amazon music and ask her to play that, she doesn't play unless I follow that playlist.The follow-up questions are never asked and doesn't retain the last command I said. Google Assistant is much better than this Alexa.


  Just a bit disappointed I thought I could use it as a normal wireless speaker for my Apple Music on my Apple Music app but by the looks of it I need to ask Alexa to put music on rather than just picking a song through my phone. Also every time I try taking the speaker to another room and take the plug out it cuts off, thought it was a wireless speaker but no. Sorry not worth the £50


  I have had the echo dot for 10 months and it worked perfectly. All of a sudden the sound is very distorted. I have performed all the reboot processes recommended but nothing works. Very disappointed!


  I dislike that its alway talking about amazon music. If you have amazon music it is great for you if not don't get it. One on its own is no fun and the original price not worth it unless get 2 at half price.


  Great little device but after about 5 minutes suffers from a lispy distortion sounding not unlike Louie Spence which after a few minutes clears only to return again...


  What really disappointed was the 'learning' aspect. Alexa is completely incapable of saying my name, despite several attempts, re-spelling and all sorts of things. After so many generations, this should be super-basic. The search function to play BBC Radio stations is... random at best. Amazon Music plays ok but again the voice recognition means that some artists simply aren't found using voice search.


  glitchy as, had more arguments with Alexa in a year than with my husband in 20 years, very frustrating !!Doesnt know anything, worse than siri!


  Great, now waiting for better purchase ability via Alexa.*Initially thought it was great but now it constantly takes hours to warm up in the morning if we switch it of i.e. doesn't work... Also it switches itself off and even when it says 'here's spotify' or any other application, it just doesn't work.


  It's not portable, it doesn't have a battery, you want to move it somewhere else, you have to have the charger  I don't like that, you can't play the music I have on the phone, just what's on  Amazon


  I bit disappointed if a say myself wouldn't recommend one.  Also bought I firestick at the same time paid separately than afterwards Amazon sent me something if I bought them together I would of saved £10 you thought when you put your orders in it would automatically do this for you instead of ripping you off


  I am English, but I live in France.  All your adverts and help regarding Echo Dot come in French! I phoned to stop this but it continues. My account calls me "M" but I am registered as Mr M D Cartledge. Alexa will only call me "M"!for voice recognition. I dont know how to change this.I was hoping to listen to some music but as I am not a Amazon Prime member or rich enough to pay for music, I am struggling to get Alexa to play any.Hope these comments help you to improve the systems.


  Not that impressed , had expected better. Keeps switching off on own accord , when using two in the same group cannot synch radio 2 therefore have a 2 second delay between Echo dot and Echo.other stations /Amazon music does synch. The Alexa vocabulary is a bit limited.  Have had for two weeks still trying . Initially had a useful phone call from Amazon but so far no resolution to Radio 2 problem


  Worked OK at first then after 6 months started having problems connecting to Internet and now stopped working won't even power on 7 months old tried contacting amazon but they are not allowing any contact so looks like I've lost my money not what I was expecting from Amazon


  Update. It stopped working so suddenly and alexa doesnt seem to respond as quickly... Great little device especially the whisper function.


  Great sound quality and great voice recognition. Very good little device.However, i was adding this to Alexa account as I already have an echo. It took me 2 days to connect it and only by fluke did it work. For some reason it wouldn't connect to the internet. I tried it on multiple frequencies, reset everything, you name it, I tried it!


  It was given to me for my 60th birthday. My daughter set it up l couldn't. It's OK the sound is good but when l say play Elton John songs l might know 1 in 5 songs same when l asked to play Anne Murray songs. It works well for my alarm clock. I didn't know it cost to use it. Maybe l a being nieve but l certainly didn't expect it to cost £7.99 a month. So l have cancelled it.


  It’s very irritating, piping up when not required, I’ve set it up from my iPad and frankly the iPad is much more practical.For some stupid reason it notifies me of everything my wife has ordered from Amazon even though she has a different email address.When I ask it to play music it always defaults to Queen, I hate Queen. I could happily live without it. I sound like a grumpy old man but I can’t think of anything good to say about it.


  Confuses Alexa with my daughters name all the time. Understanding of commands isn't great. Only bought it because it was down to £22, wouldn't pay any more for it now. Only things I use it for are checking the temperature in the house, putting the heating on, and playing music. All of which I could do on my phone before. It's not exactly a game changer.


  The scant instructions leave a lot to be desired.  Sadly, you need to know how to set up an Alexa to be able to do so. It took hours.  I had to make desperate phone calls to far-flung family to get them to explain.  How much easier to have put the set-up steps in the written instructions.


  Voice recognition is very hit and miss, often gives you random responses such as BBC radio one is radio Switzerland and songs from Frozen are despicable Me! We have an echo also and this perfect, I get the sound won’t be as good as that but the voice recognition should be the same. Tried contacting amazon but unable to offer any support, they couldn’t understand my query!


  Frankly, not impressed, I can get all information I require from Google!  have already unplugged the Echo Dot and is back in its box where it belongs.


  Sadly I’ve had this less than a year and it’s become distorted and Alexa practically speaks with a lisp.


  I'm not finding it as good as expected.I thought I could get music in some shape or form for free but it's just another means of extracting money I've since found. Amazon music is now free in USA and I don't think that fair when we pay more for the gadget in real terms.


  I cannot get my echo dot to give me any recipes. When I ask, the reply is always "sorry this function is not supported" I contacted customer assistance and was told I need to add a skill. This I did by adding recipedia, and bbc good food. I then requested recipes in many different ways but still get the same reply. So n my opinion I have wasted my money.


  I like how quickly Alexa responds. I had never really even researched into it before buying which maybe I should have. I don’t find it as convenient as I thought it would be. In fact I find it a tad complicated. I find you have to add a lot of apps/skills to get answers and the fact that I cant connect my music from my Apple Music unless I do it manually, has kinda killed the joy of this device. Otherwise the speaker volume is good etc and it’s small so easy to hide.


  I have several echo Dots around my home. However after 1.5 years they stop working and by then are out of warranty.I just got a replacement without a cable. After resending the device for one with a new cable, it came again without a cable.The cable has changed and now they don’t accept the device came without a cable and want to charge me for a new one.


  Just one major dislike. The Echo crashes very often, am having to reset it a number of times. Don't know if that is common. Would love to hear from Amazon.


  Loved this when I first got it, so much so that i bought 4 (1 2nd gen and 3 3rd gen)  but in less than a year the 2nd gen and one of the 3rd gems have stopped working properly. The speaker cuts out, the volume buttons take ages to react and the mic isn't picking up even when I sit next to it (the one in the next room does !) Very disappointed and will be returning 2 of them ☹


  As of September 2019, Echo loses a key function, the ability to set an alarm action with BBC Radio. Come on, Amazon, sort this one out as the ability to emulate a Radio Alarm by waking to a BBC Station is a key function. It can't be beyond your wit to link the alarm function to the BBC skill, surely?


  When I bought this item I would of expected to be able to print from a Epson Printer, following all the instructions I registered my printer for Epson connect and followed the remaining instruction after many hours I gave up, Not wanting to be beat I contacted Amazon only to be told that they had made no previsions for Epson printers and they would look into the problem. Come on Amazon you sold me the printer they must be one of the most popular ones.


  When it works, it's great with brilliant sound quality but more often than not, it doesn't work... sick of hearing her say 'I'm having trouble understanding right now' ... time to bin her and get a proper bluetooth speaker


  Honestly I am very disappointed with this product (Alexa). I have bought 5 of them to put in my house. Sometimes doesn’t work. Integration is very poor. When you create a group it doesn’t recognise other Alexa. Disappointed!


  Just doesn't do much, use it as a Bluetooth speaker mainly and asking for the time. Own a Google one now with screen far better. Free music and videos through YouTube and answers questions better than echo


  Small neat and well made. It does not give me all the information I ask for. Limited general knowledge. Would be better I think to have a Google device


  The Echo Dot was a gift and was unwanted from the off. There is little wrong with the product but I very much prefer to do things the old fashioned way.


  VERY POOR QUALITY!1. I have to ""SHOUT""!!! for this Echo dot to hear me. The earliest version doesn't give me this PROBLEM!2. The speaker is either broken or perhaps loose because it reverberates.


  Good when it's working however when using as a Bluetooth device the Bluetooth constantly un pairs from my phone meaning, I have to go through the pairing process each time, which requires the Alexa app and WiFi. I only use as a Bluetooth device when I don't have a WiFi connection available, thus making this function useless. I cannot seem to find a workaround however if there is one available I am happy to adjust this review accordingly.


  Disappointed with the audio quality, after a few days of use the dot lost all its bass and the sound became very tinny. Had to remove power to recover the bass but it didn't last and kept failing so I returned it and had a refund. Will buy another echo instead.


  Yes I changed everything, done everything listed everywhere on the internetI even restarted the device lolSwitching to Google or Apple, these have gone downhill in the past years - I have Echo 1,2 and 3rd gen 4 devices all crapdon't buy


  I have to say my first Alexa which was part of my Sonos worked great. Adding the echo ended up in me having to upgrade my prime account to include amazon family on music for an additional 14.99 per month. Feels like a con to me. I also can’t play different music in each device which was the apparent advantage of amazon music family. Complete waste of money


  Though it is packaged nicely and well built I’ve decided to return this as the functionality with BBC Sounds was enough to drive me mad. I expected to be able to replace our 20 year old Midi system with this 3rd gen Alexa and walk into a room and say “Alexa play BBC music”... sadly it just doesn’t work. The only music I could get was through Spotify. If you want one of these to use as a smart radio then look for something else.


  It works in the UK but not in Poland as far as I've found out trying to set it up there.A warning should be placed on these speaker systems about it storing everything you ask Alexa. Plus how to delete or clear the history.


  I have a gen 1&2 which are great. This one is used in my bedroom and have to be honest the sound is loud but not clear. Going to check the equalisers on it. I guess it is different than what im used to


  In all other areas bar sound quality, it performs as expected. But this is a speaker, and a poor one at that. The sound quality is muffled for both music and speech, and no amount of tweaking of the bass, mid, and treble options resolves that. I had ordered two, but have cancelled the second.


  I have had the device for less than a week and I'm already having issues with WiFi connection and using certain commands such as 'play spotify'. I'm going to return it and look into Google or Apple smart speakers because this is ridiculous


  Every time you ask for a specific radio station you get "here's something you might like" and then it plays a completely different station. All its actions seem to be trying to steer you towards services that cost.


  Difficult to set up. Can't connect by Bluetooth to my speakers. It has to be plugged into the mains to work. No mention of this when I bought it. I thought it was rechargeable


  I cant complain as I bought this on an amazons offers for 1 pound. However the voice recognition doesn't work for my Indian husband!


  As is usual with the current AI type of gadgets the voice recognition is not always great. Alexa thinks my commands are some song it has to search! Or any think out of the ordinary is difficult both for the client and for Alexa to comprehend. Also you have to train yourself to ask in the manner that is specific.


  IT DOES NOT SUPPORT TUNE-IN FULLY.  IT DOES NOT SUPPORT ALL RADIO STATION LIKE AMAZON ECHO AND SMAZON ECHO PLUS..


  Misunderstands requests very often. Timers only work on device they are set on.If you add something to a shopping list you have to manually sync you phone so you have it when shopping.


  Used a Google home for a while and got this for my daughter. Alexa's voice and accent annoys me for a start but it doesn't seem as slick in how it works as the Google one. Might be because we're used to using the other first but I am unimpressed with this


  Found the Dot to be nowhere near as good as the echo gen 2. The sound distorts if any electrical appliances are on in the area and the voice recognition is second rate compared to the gen 2.


  The echo dot doesn’t work well in a noisy environment, that is, using it to control my 5.1 sound system.  Having to yell at Alexa to get the dot to respond rather takes the shine off things. It’s been unplugged now for a couple of weeks and I don’t foresee plugging it back in again.  The sound was ok, lacking in bass obviously and not very loud, but pretty much as I expected, considering its size, pretty good.


  Quite disappointing. The recognition quality is low and when playing something on it you can’t interact with it not even by shouting


  often alexa does nothing when I speak to her. always able to get classic FM on others but this one just stays silent. gets other radio stations.  Reaslly fed up as wanted clasic Fm in eveyr room..


  If like me you love you spotify playlists, amazon music etc then don't by Alexa. I have been troubleshooting this painful piece of equipment since delivery but my amazon music and spotify still won't sync. My amazon account does not even show this as one of my devices. No blog or technical help page seems to have the answers so for now Alexa is just an average wireless speaker.


  Switched to Alexa... but it's just not as good. I like the light... that's about the only thing that is better. Google just seems to work better.


  Just received my 4th Dot. This one will not connect. I'm really beginning to hate this Alexa stuff.


  The connection drops off all the time, voice recognition is not great and some basic functions that I feel it should have a missing (like repeat the last song)


  Could not get it to connect to my WiFi down loaded the just would not connect got the Google nest instead worked perfectly


  I dislike the fact that it cannot be made to respond to authorised people only. After checking with Amazon it seems that there is no security to allow specific voice profiles only to use the device.


  I bought this for my husband.  I included Amazon Music as this will be very useful.  I wanted to use it as a dialling tool for phone calls, but it says that it is unable to do so, more often then not.  I have asked a younger, more tech savvie, family member to see what I am doing wrong and they can't get it to make calls either.  I do use it for reminders and alarm calls and that works fine.


  Basically if you are not using it for all the technology in your house (which we don't, we like light switches, and not tech savvy) it's like having google on loud speaker, which you can have on your phone, and the phone doesn't recognise your voice either!!! Bit pointless to be fair


  Ive a 2nd generation as well as this 3rd generation and find the older style more responsive.  This doesnt hear me, ignores commands and still talks back really loud when ive asked it to be volume 1. Think this is a faulty unit.


  Shopping list additions going to list of family member and vice versa.Tried all the support suggestions, deregister, reregister, uninstall app, reinstall app, tell it to change accounts.Still not doing that basic task right.Ready to return it.


  This item spends most of its time doing its own. Almost constant flashing lights and frequent bongs. I have yet to find a solution.


  No where in purchase adverts or box info does it mention a minimum spec for loading and running Alexa app. Unable to use on iPad that is not that old on iOS 10.3.3.


  I received today and have just been using it to play music and there is an awful static sound. Just like listening to a slightly off tune radio station. Will be seeking advice and possibly get a replacement if it’s faulty. Shame as I ordered it so long ago to replace an older version that worked perfectly.


  Its not complete without you tube support. You tube is the only provide free else all are paid.Only 2 rating for youtube support.Please try to do something like fire tv to get youtube support


  It doesn’t often recognise an order, which does make for a lot of laughs!  It doesn’t really benefit me in any way.  It can’t even get radio stations...I love having the radio and thought this would be perfect.  A friend of mine thinks his is great and I bought one for this reason.  Turns out it’s a total waste of money for me.


  Bass is far to strong - no way to adjuat. Makes music and voice sound ridiculous. Still not great at recognising women's voices.


  I was very disappointed with the sound quality of this device. Seemingly this 3rd gen is supposed to be much improved from previous editions but I wasn’t satisfied at all. I  appreciate it is a small speaker and relatively inexpensive but it just wasn’t the quality I was expecting - especially compared to the standard Echo.


  The sound quality is sometimes very poor and I cannot understand it. I have tried adjusting the volume, treble and base to no avail. Very disappointing.


  Sound quality wasn't bad at the start but after 8 months its turned very poor, the more base the song or radio station has the worse it sounds, like something is lose


  It's a shame how business overlays people needs. Because of a commercial fight between Amazon and Google, it's not possible to control google devices with Alexa. Only option that they left me was to return the echo dot.


  Like a speaker it’s very good. For few staff it’s ok but like an Assistant it’s orrible. Much better google assistant!


  Alexa does not seem to be able to do as much as I first thought without purchasing other products or spending hours working out how to set everything up. Also struggling to play Alexa and Sonos through Alexa at the same time. Only current uses are making lists (although have not worked out how to share with my husband yet) or set a timer.


  Anything louder than volume 3, she can't hear me over herself. My neighbours must be sick of hearing me shout her name with growing anger.


  It can be better, it's potential is still in developing stage. Not intelligent enough a lot of things.


  I’m so sick of this now I have to shout repeatedly to get it to wake up! I’ve stopped using them all now, the only thing I ask it to do is the lights!


  Disappointed to find cant use voice control to request music/songs UNLESS you have a paid for Amazon music or spotify account (or similar) already have a bluetooth speaker can control via my phone


  I really liked the speaker but after 18 months of having it, it doesn’t listen anymore. You really need to shout to pick up anything you want to ask from her.I was expecting a longer life expectancy. I wouldn’t buy this product again as no warranty or no replacement options.Quite disappointed


  I find alexa has a mind of her own sometimesDoes not understand what I'm asking half the time , even when speaking clearly several times overShe can play requests easily now and again,  but equally not ...Find my self getting frustrated, am not using as much as I thought due to this ..


  I have recently brought an echo dot for my house and it is ok voice recognition is a hit and miss sound quality is poor I would recommend the echo plus or the google home max if your buying for a speak with integrated assistant


  Works hit and miss, annoying that everything is linked as my kids ended buying subscriptions by accident...


  We bought this rather than the google mini as it seemed a better deal but whilst it is OK for playing music it is very poor at answering some of the simplest questions


  I cant get BBC radio on this device.Any suggestions greatlyreceived please


  To begin with Alexa was great and she responded to both mine and my partner's voices well and from afar. However, we've now had her not even a month and she does not listen properly and puts on songs/adds things to shopping lists/tells us about recipes without being asked to. We've reset her twice and nothing seems to be working.


  original and replacement item returned would not function connect online even after consultation with amazon


  Distorted sound after a few weeks..... tried returning but told that guarantee for return had run out.... I've only had it a few weeks....so disappointed....


  I like that Alexa will play almost every radio station and is very responsive. BIG downside is that  I have not been able to connect by Bluetooth or aux to my Bose Soundlink Revolve Plus despite masses of internet and YouTube research. NOTHING WORKS! I’ve given up trying 


  To keep children busy over the festive season, 24 quid was worth it, now sitting on top of kitchen top idled.


  When it works it’s fantastic but it always has trouble connecting to the internet


  The alexa we bought keeps saying there is a problem connecting to the internet. We cannot see whats wrong and most probably not bother with it.


  Thought this would be ideal for a small room however the sound quality is poor and very tin like.  Perhaps acceptable for a youngster in a bedroom however not suitable for my small kitchen.  Should have  paid the extra money for better sound quality.


  Voice recognition is very good sound is not very good till I connected to blue tooth speaker and it has a tendency to stop after a while... I've tried to return but I cant get the right options...I will try after xmas holidays


  at night in my bedroom the light was like X mas tree. Could not stop flashing light which kept us awake. Otherwise a good idea


  Works well but new power cable doesn't fit the i-box Roost which fits the last version


  Got this new generation Echo at Cheistmas 2019 to replace older version. Still unable to get the device to connect. Not doing anything different from the last set up and flowing instructions to the letter


  Struggles to hear me half the time, dont have same problem with Echo


  We have 2 alexas in the house. A first generation in the front room and a 3rd generation in my daughters room.The one in my daughters room is not amazing.... It responds well to voice commands but if you ask it tobolay anything then its very very slow to play and sometimes doesn't do anything at all......


  Not up to scrztch I'm afraid, slow response, aweful microphone, all in all a disappointment.Keith.


  It's okay most of the time and comes in useful, but most things I ask it, it says "i dont know that"


  Does not understand the Scottish accent ATALL! Even after her learning my voice. Not used all her functions yet but she hardly understands me to do so.


  when asking for somethings, usually music related i get asked about joining different versions of prime.with my daughter doing the same i dont know what i have and how much it will cost. i ask alexa several different ways but never get the answer i need. i definately dont want 3 so i will probably just cancel everything before the 30 day trail ends.  cobrien.


  This product keeps on disconnecting from the Wi-Fi connection every 5-6 mins. It is not worth the while and with the use of Bluetooth to mobile connection,uses up battery life in no time. Not worth the time really unless you don’t mind sitting next to the mobile 24/7 troubleshooting connectivity issues.


  Completely useless product. Volume is too low and hardly ever connects to my iTunes. Always forcing amazon music. Impossible to finalise on voice recognition. Hard to use. Pointless and not worth the money spent to acquire it. At this point, I just want to return.


  It’s not good as expected. Frequently getting connectivity issues.Not responding properly


  Very cheeky product that will automatically add subscriptions without asking you to verify anything, a child could ask Alexa to subscribe to 100 different things and it would do it without hesitation (as those settings are automatically activated), a pure money grabbing device, won’t be using anymore


  Bought this to use as an additional speaker upstairs to use with my existing echo dot only to be informed you can’t pair it n use it on amazon unlimited unless you upgrade to amazon multi room for £9.99 my advice is just buy a Bluetooth speaker. Wish I had


  The sound quality was disappointing, as the focus is on depth and bass leaving mid and high range being lost.  And the voice recognition was off on a regular basis which was also frustrating.  I found myself speaking deliberately clearly at times just to be recognised.  The dot is a 'gadget' made for fun, which it achieves, but if you're looking for something to enhance your music listening experience, as I was, look elsewhere.


  She does not,  quite a lot of the time,  understand what I say to her, asking her to turn on 'first light', I often get the response ' Sunrise in Leicester will be ------'.  Very very loud first thing in the mornings too, annoying to the Nth degree, she needs sorting.


  Very disappointed, audio dull and muffled. I have 2 off 2nd gen devices, they have reasonable audio. May be the newer echo is duff?


  Well does not seem to know a lot a things u ask it and its always saying "I,m unable to answer that question right now try later " . In fact its been off all day today


  The timer randomly goes off, it randomly talks even when the wake up word hasn't been said, doesn't listen when you do use the wake up word only really use for spotify now as it seems to not work how its should very disappointed


  Disappointed and had to send back. Have amazon prime and music but wouldn’t play through it have to subscribe to another £10 month


  Alexa struggles to hear and respond correctly, also was hoping to add my audiable account to listen to books to Alexa but couldn't through the Alexa app as it won't even come up as an option. Reminders performance also pretty poor, all I get was is an alarm as opposed to the actual reminder. Sound quality is alright but overall not an "amazing" product, somewhat disappointed.


  Not intuitive. Difficult to start and stop where you left off.  No identification of chapter.  Whilst listening it can jump 30 chapters for no reason then difficult to get back to where you were. Really frustrating when it happens and no easy way of recovering wasted 20 minutes recovering..  Great to listen to when it works but not consistent behaviour


  My sister bought me this for me, it would be great if u can get what music u want on it!!! Sign up to amazon prime still wants u to sign up for amazon music for more music that I’ve asked for!! I thought amazon prime would give u everything u need but no still wants more money of u.... not be paying anymore money seems like a rip off to me


  lasted all of 3 months before it started cutting out. Very poor.


  Keeps disconnecting from WiFi, I bought 3 of these and for some reason 2 of them continuously disconnect. the help app is useless and takes you through the set up process again to try connect it but won't go past a certain point.


  Be warned you must have premium account to play spotify cant use it for freeapart from that a great little device sounds good easy set up voice control very good would have given 5 if not for the spotify problem which is stupid as its free on all other devices


  I purchased this Echo Dot to replace an Echo Spot in my kitchen that I have moved a different room.  I notice a far longer lag in reaction to the wake word on this device than on the Echo Spot.  Although I am now becoming used to a longer delay, it is still a frustrating lag


  The product fails to recognise your chosen music provider- Deezer, tried to sign me up for their music provider. I will choose this?I bought to control Sonos speakers, however, the versatility of Sonos is lost when using Echo, voice control or using your phone?


  New to Alexa and having set up voice recognition thought my experience would be better, I find I have to shout at her to make sure instructions are followed.she also tries to ‘upsell’ At every available opportunity 


  Alexa doesn’t seem to understand my Norfolk accent. We couldn’t speak at normal volume so found it very difficult to communicate with the device


  Bought this to compliment my other 2nd gen echo dot in order. But it seems that certain sources of music are not compatible with a network of these devices, even though they work individually from same source. This information should be be more readily available in my opinion. So I’m disappointed with product.


  After a lot of research I decided echo dot was for me. Silly me. Way too complicated for my aged brain. When asked to play music(I have 400 plus items in my library) 4 out of 10 times I was asked to pay £3.99 per month. Not what I was led to believe. At last I decided to part company and return item. I will be more careful what I buy in future.


   the sound quality is totally awful! I have attached a video ! I am not happy at all


  I like it as I am a lonely person I talk to her and she answers not always the question I ask  have only played a few songs  So very expensive for what I want it for


  Don't waste your money. As I always suspected, you don't need this, a Bluetooth speaker is all you need and better sound quality as well.


  Most of the things you ask it , it doesn’t know , so u may as well just look to up online


  Looks great. Doesn’t recognise my voice as well as the spot or older dot.


  Not happy as no bbc radio 1-2-3  or 4 . Says wrong geographic area. Upgraded thought better. Sound quality is improvement to first gen but not worth it because of the radio limitations


  Very disappointed with Echo Dot. Not smart at all. Frustratingly poor voice recognition. Poor and limited radio selection.


  I was under the impression that on the Amazon music, any alexa device could play music, but only 1 at a time. This isn't the case. I will have to pay more money each month and I think even then all three of my devices won't work at the same time.Very disappointed.


  Yeah 3rd gen. not sure what’s the difference from 2nd gen but under 30 pound can not complain.


  Got as a presentBecause  its American made has trouble understanding proper EnglishAnd any old uk themed  programBut kids love it so


  You need to add apps for everything not as good as the google version most of the time it says I don’t know that


  This item was a present and initially I thought it was a good idea, but having made a few requests for my type of music, I soon realised that a monthly subscription was needed.Substituted music is not really good enough for me.


  The sound quality is really not good.  So many times it replies "Sorry I don't know that one"


  I bought this partly for the music I was told I could listen to.Unfortunately you have to subscribe £10 a month to access the library.No thank you.


  The product overall great, but my 14 year daughter bought one with her birthday money a couple of weeks ago and now its dropped down in price by £10, no consistency with there pricing.I mean, one time 25, then 50, then 40 and now 30. Just utterly bizarre


  Alexa doesn't seem to hear us unless we shout!! Then it still doesn't always action the request and sometimes only starts to listen, then stops half way through. Bought it a few yers ago and seems to be getting worse. Not impressed by the response but good games and sound when it is working.


  Bought by my son for us for christmas  we probably don't have enough equipment that is Alexa friendly to benefit from it


  I have an echo show and find it very good, even excellent. so decided to purchase the Dot for my bedroom. Everything connected brilliant sound quality is great, however the disappointment came when i tried to use it the same as my downstairs echo show and I cant until i pay extra for a family connection. Another example of a Great British rip-off.


  My spotify got hacked via my Alexa device. Any music I tried to listen to was played on someone's google chrome. My playlists were changed and it was very annoying. Worried about what else could be hacked so I am sending both my echo dots back. Privacy very much compromised!Never got to connect my tv and sound bar either...


  Does understand my solos system even though it integrates have to keep manually setting it up


  I am having issues with the speaker, it suddenly lose sounds without disconnecting, when connected to my desktop. I have to restart it several times for it to regain sound and this happens frequently.


  So what’s all the fuss about. A hands free way to set timers, appointments, play music. It’s ok but I’m glad I got it half price in the Black Friday sale.


  The Echo Dot was a present but, unfortunately, not a very successful one.  It rarely works all the time despite now being placed near the router.  I've almost given up using it.  I wouldn't recommend it.


  Disappointed with the dot.....she isn’t ‘British’ and therefore asking for ‘Play radio 2’ gets many options ....so I have to ask ‘ play BBC Radio 2’ whereas the Echo knows exactly.


  Functionality is excellent but I’m fed with constantly being asked to purchase extra features such as unlimited music.


  Speaker went all crackly about 1 month after return window closed :(


  It was a present to me from my family and in general like the echo dot but I am fed up with it continually asking me to join amazon music or another app both with monthly subscriptions.  This happens when I ask Alexa to play certain records and to be honest it is driving me mad


  I'm not sexist but on the 4th generation can you call him Alex. Bought this product on the pretence that the first woman in my life would listen to me! I ask her to play things, she replied with "I do not understand" or "I did not hear that" that's what my wife says to me! I'm think if it a man at least I'll get not right now I'm in the pub or please try again I asWasn't listening


  Excess to Alexa has to be through WiFi, which I believe creates a security issue.


  took ages to connect had to restart app a few times to get it connected wouldn't connect


  Does not connect to my 1st and 3rd gen fire stick only works as a speaker cant find the apps, it's not allowed to connect  to my ps4 Sony does not allow it so all its does is play  music and tell me the time


  If this is advance AI I don't think many people should fear for their jobs. Alexa doesn't seem to know very much and can't "learn". Access to music would be a big positive if subscribed to Amazon Prime, but I'm not.


  The sound is awful, it is what I would call muffled ,not clear at all , ,  I might as well just keep playing my C D ,  ,,,,,,, Sorry But you did ask my opinion,


  Find the sound quality poor to listen to music so mainly use it for weather check and compiling my shopping list!


  This device works well enough, but the sound was very muffled. Not good.


  Keeps losing the internet and the connections with speakers. May be heading bin ward soon...……….


  not that good doesn't recognise my voice keep switching off rubbish


  It took along time to set up,our friend set Alexa up,very hard to do.otherwise I find it really good,very useful for timing,when I am cooking,and the music,is good.


  Sadly I had to return this item. It was bought for my daughter, unfortunatly, Alexa could not understand the Birmingham accent.


  Not the. Best, keeps listening to to the household. Wish I a Google home.


  This was my second Alexa for the kitchen, I’d never had a problem with the first one but this one is a disaster. These new models (I believe) have a streaming issue with BBC radio - so it constantly turns off after a few minutes. This renders device virtually useless for me.


  It worked okey to start then started playing guessing gamesYou tell it one thing its says another


  Expected the sound from the speaker, when playing music to be alot better than it is. Even after playing with the settings. It comes out really tinny and crackly. Almost sounds as if the speakers blown. I really hope not as it's only just come out of its box


  Tired to dot is a great device


  Fed up with these. I like to have continuous music/radio on but after 3 hours they automatically turn themselves off. Ridiculous. I have gone back to a radio. Looking on chat groups, I am not the only one having same problem.


  Great stand alone speaker but have been unable to connect to my multiform Echo speaker set up which is why I bought it!


  Didn't like as can only be connected to certain wifi's however this isn't stated.


  this is a non-starter for me as the sound is so bad


  I bought this device to listen to music and ask general questions of the internet.  It works ok but is very frustrating that it won’t recognise my Apple Music no matter how many times I link them most annoying as this is the main reason I bought it !!!!!!!!!!!!!


  Absolutely thrilled with this. Sound quality is amazing. Jus bought another 2


  This is my second one and no longer plays the radio.


  Ok but not as good as some of the other Alexa devices.


  sounds tinny wherever i place it no wonder they call it an echo


  This is the 3rd echo dot that I have had now, and in all honesty I am  sick of them. For some reason it stops connecting to my spotify once a week and I have to disconnect and reconnect it. I expect better from amazon.


  I also have google mini which for some reason is much more knowing about things such as bus, train timetables,unlike the echo where as you have to input certain information first for it to give you the time your next bus arrives.However on a plus the speaker is very good, and the main reason I have one is for music around house


  Didn't realise I needed a smart phone or something similar to use it.Have purchased a "white elephant"


  Tried a few questions and played some of the free music,it is a smart gadget but did not really have much use for our household.I was given the echo dot for a trial and it was returned so it is possible that the giver might make their own review.Jon


  Power supply has developed a high pitch whine. Trying to return for replacement seems to be impossible without contacting customer support. But there’s no one available.


  Dislike as they encourage you to make a playlist  then you ask alexa to play it then guess what it only plays 1 track from it then it cuts out. In my opinion a load of rubbish and a waste of money. You may as well buy a bluetooth speaker and  link it to your phone,then throw alexa dot in the bin.


  Started using the Storytime function for my little girl at bed time, it only worked for a couple of nights and now won't work, the stories don't play.This morning I asked Alexa to play "Virgin Radio" ok she says, then nothing!So far all I've been using it for is a glorified egg timer!


  Not a great product


  Still not sure about a device that listens to everything!


  Works fine but thought the overall use was poor. Not sure what the item brings to the table. Already given away as a gift.


  Very moody device most of the time gets the songs wrong and sometimes doesn’t want to play what I want very disappointed


  Poor . Voice recognition. Connection drops .integration the list goes on should of bought a Google


  Not what I expected, unless you buy into amazon apps pretty useless!


  I power off because I find better the competition Google.


  Purchased this mostly to play BBC.BBC no longer works on Alexa as part of routines or schedules. I may as well have bought a speaker system.Would be 5* with this feature returned.


  This product is good but has a tenancies to not do as asked when playing music so i ask it to play my music an i have to ask 4 5 times before it does it. Starting to think it was waist of time getting as it making things harder not easier.


  The voice recognition was much worse than google home. So i have decided to purchase the google range instead of the amazon range. Also it links better with my other google devices. However I do wish drop in was a feature on google home devices


  expected clock never had one. it's ok but would not buy another


  American voice that does not understand me! Weather given for gosport, where l used to live, not Banff, Aberdeenshire, where l now live.....even though l updated my details on Amazon. Temperature given in Fahrenheit not Celsius.  All very annoying. My other echo works just fine with uk accent.


  I was really exited to use it ... and I was very happy to have it ... but when I was about to download amazon alexa ... It told me that I will not be able to download the app because I am on the Egyptian store or something like that ...as I am living in Egypt ... I will not be able to download or use the app .... so that I don’t want it anymore


  Hmmm,I dont know that one,....Alexas catchphrase.


  I don’t like the fact that I have to have some form of premium to access music other than radio


  The machine is fine for a bit of fun but poor if used for anything complicated or for detailed inquisition.


  Alexa is rubbish.  That's all I have to say.  Only really use it as a radio.  She's useless at answering questions.  Sorry lol. I'm not a fan.


  Alexa has an American  voice/ accent and apparently I can't change it, still works ok but have I been sent one for a different market by mistake?


  Lack of knowledge about specific things. Would probably be more useful if you forked out more money on extras like plugs etc.Purely a novelty item.


  plug lasted 2 years then started whining at high pitch which could be heard in next room, had to unplug for fear of fire etc


  Pretty terrible voice recognition. Tried to use the shopping list function but constantly adds the wrong items. Takes up more time because I have to go onto the app and delete and re add everything. Just quicker to use a pen and paper


  Since syncing with my other devices, this Alexa has screwed up the setting and the way the group works when playing music. It’s skips songs randomly and on occasion plays songs out of sync. Not sure what’s wrong with this one as my others are fine, New one not in use for now as it was too frustrating, will try again some point soon.


  Already had spot that was not great, thought this gadget would be better but really just a waste of money, its just a deeper voice ..


  Kinda wish i got a Google one, alexa doesnt recognise sumple questions, keeps giving prices off Amazon.


  It is ok. But nothing to get too excited about. My personal opinion. But you may like it


  It doesn't do many stuff. Just good for setting the alarm, listening to some music (through radio services) or sending reminders. Does some stuff the smartphone does but without pressing buttons


  I think the device in itself is great, however as a family of four adults, it is frustrating that we cannot use this device as it is advertised to talk to other family members, without limiting the devices uses. realistically the device is perfect it is the amazon household that needs to be sorted to make it fair to use for everyone


  This is not very useful, although once the novelty fades away, I don't know how long I will use it. I set it up, its sound is not very good, there is a little noise, and I will not buy it again next time.


  It is not possible for me to stream music from Amazon, the only program I get is BBc


  Good product, but not as good as I expected.


  Not very good for Irish market regarding bus / tram time tables etc


  Size and portability great. Sound terrible-tinny, crackly and very poor. Wish I hadn’t bothered.


  sometimes Alexa doesn’t work. So I can change the music or stop the music . This things really annoying. In the same time her voice so bad


  Bought as present for daughter. Followed instructions implicitly but to no avail. Dot failed to set up, daughter had to reset her wifi, then her phone couldnt connect either. We gave up after much hairloss and swearing! After a couple of days to calm down, she managed to get it to work.


  I am disappointing not to be able to play my playlists on Deezer. I bought this product as it is said you can link it to Deezer ?? Please help as this is very annoying.


  Could have been better in terms of voice recognition. We’ve to repeat things at times over and over for her to understand.Bit frustrating at times.


  I upgraded from 1st generation and definitely improvement but massive disappointed for me is power changed from USB to some round connection. I had my Alexa setup in my car now because of this change I can not.


  Good speaker for the price while on sale, but the smart bit of the speaker, alexa just isn't there yet. Don't know if it's because it's the dot but she doesn't understand song requests or query 50% of the time.


  I bought the Amazon "Dot in November, It worked fine for two weeks then crashed and I Haven't been able to restart it. I got it on the Amazon channel but I was told to go back to the Alexa app but when I did it disconnected and hasn't 'Been usable since. I'm going to send it back for a refund.  Ron Bell.


  Every song I ask Alexa to play has to be paid for! Even the oldies that my husband likes. It’s ok, was actually a gift but am not subscribing to music. Amazingly sometimes when she says the song has to be paid for she then goes ahead and plays it!


  Pointless unless its accompanied with all the extras  like plugd and light bulbs.


  Didn't like that it signs you up for amazon music whether you want to or not yet still can't access all music. Doesnt seem to understand basic questions but handy for music i suppose just a shame it needs to stay plugged in


  It is a lovely neat looking appliance, but it took absolutely ages and ages to set up,  May be ok if you have a smart phone but not easy if you have just a P C ...Believe it of not, Not everyone has a smart phone.


  Sound quality is not as good as previous generation echo, that said it is the echo dot and for a cheaper price these quality drops are to be expected, I wouldnt purchase this to use as a main system more of an additional speaker to carry sound throughout the home


  Nice little device when it works, but I’ve been experiencing some glitches. It makes a frying sound sometimes  and at times I have to say Alexa 5-6 times to wake up the device. It also goes mute mid song while playing music even after you say play music it will not.


  Have not been able integrate with my Alexa echo


  Connects to my Sonos with only a few glitches. Sadly, the Apple integration is woeful - as is Alexa’s ability to find the right radio stations...


  Bought for teenager


  The sound quality and volume is very poor main Alexa is very good mini not so happy with


  Hi,I bought this device on Amazon.co.uk but it’s Host is Alexa.amazon.it. Consequently, the app on my mobile is half in English and half in Italian, the skills are set on italian apps or website, the news are on italian channels. It’s a disappointing mess.


  I have a 1st generation Echo that can hear my talking voice from the other room, but this new echo dot can barely hear when I yell at it from a few feet. This is very frustrating. Poorly built device


  I struggle with it


  Works really well I thought about buying more I’m. It going to since the price just went up from 22 to 49.Ridicules


  I ask it things and sometimes I only get half the answer.


  Way too annoying and not easy to set up.Keeps looking for a WiFi network but won’t connect. Probably suitable for tech savvy people and not young teenagers who have little patience for the process to pair and connect.


  Not very satisfied at all Alexa did not do what is promised in its advertsThe item was returned Echo Dot is not what it makes out to be it does not understand your directions


  Disappointed - after using it for an hour it goes out of tune on radio and play lists.


  I’m not sure I like to be listened to.. not using it to full potential


  Has to be plugged in to work, didn’t say that in description. Totally useless for intended use. A portable battery costs more than the speaker! Totally misleading. Waste of money


  Very disappointed it didn’t come with the clock display and when I checked, had to pay and extra £15 for it... shame on you Amazon!


  Great product however, it’s bluetooth feature, after a while, starts to get muffled and distracts you from it. However, it does go back to normal when turned off for a while but still this shouldn’t be the case for this.


  Good but if kit and works well with the home automation. However the sound quality is nowhere near as clear as the Google home mini I had before.I echo dot is much better but unfortunately sound is key for me. Hence my review of overall 2 stars.


  I like the product it looks nice but keeps disconnecting even though I’ve got the fastest broadband speed.. it connected to my light bulb and now doesn’t recognise it I’m having problems with it so may return it back


  Sound quality as good as the echo but the dot keeps cutting out during play very annoying don't know if it's faulty but the echo never had any fault


  I was bought this for Christmas.  I've read about what it does but still can't see the point.


  A month after purchasing the speaker is not working as it was the sound quality has been ruined and it sounds dampened not clear and not using it anymore. It started very nice but end up worthless.


  my alexa freezes n dosent connect properly the first few times


  Echo dot is ok, I live in a valley so Wi-Fi not that good, most times alexia just ignores me..


  The overall quality is Good but I really have to shout sometime for it to wake up. Plus it does not understand clear instructions sometimes. Is it my device defective or generally is like this?


  The sound quality is really poor and muffled. Disappointed


  Does not play requested music base is too high will not adjust to lower level. Did not answer questions correctly. Basically a toy for a ten year old


  Even though I have set Spotify as my default music setting it doesn’t play from my Spotify app and instead from amazon music, I know it can work as another echo dot I ordered since plays from Spotify.


  alexa app is slow and unintuitive to use. setup routine almost never works.


  Bit disappointed as couldnt add any smart devices. When asking to remove items from shoping list simply can't do it,  also my songs list is a bit allover as cant deleted or add new songs as alexa can't find my list. Couldn't give me an answer about local shops opening times.


  I bought it as a smart speaker and games for our holiday on the boat but it did not come with a usb point so I couldn’t take it. Hopefully I will find a use for it at home.


  Was looking forward to this as a bargin from black friday. But have noticed a HISSSSSSS on any song or Alexa speaking involving the letter  'S' . Thinking a split speaker inside. So gonna send back. VERY dissapointed. Rated 2 star as the device does look good and looks a fun device to play with when working properly.


  Like the sound quality when it works but regulary goes wrong, sound distorted and requires a reboot to sort. Never had an issue with my 4 series 2.


  difficult if 2 or more phones want spotify


  It’s just been a glorified speaker really. I don’t use it that frequently but when I do it somehow loses a connection with Spotify or any other app I seem to use on it. It was a present for me, and to be honest it’s just been pretty disappointing


  For the price I expected more . Disappointed!


  The voice is not clear this is a replacement and the same reason


  After 3 hours of my life wasted I couldn't get this to connect to wifi at my mother's house.I have 2 older ones at mine and they connected with no problems at all.I sent this one back as life is to short.


  Keeps cutting out not that clever considering supposed connected to internet


  Switched Broadband provider and it doesn’t accept the new password and can’t connect.All my other devices are fine with the new network


  Sound quality is great


  Not a very good sound.


  Gen 2 is better at everything accept sound


  Apparently there are no free music facilities available in the UK for the Echo Dot. I bought it thinking that there was but they’re available on subscription only. Hence only 3 stars.


  A very good item


  joined the music library, first two songs couldnt find them. shall be wanting a refund of my £4.99. wont be renewing next month. 50, million songs and couldnt find two records.


  Muffled sound !!!


  Sometimes works with other smart devices but most of the time doesn't


  I don’t like having to repeat myself ten times


  Not as good as the 1st generation, often have to repeat my self due to microphone being poor!


  Sound quality is poor. I was not impressed.


  You Ask to play All it plays  Amazon music I linked with Spotify music But it doesn’t allow you to play all it knows Amazon music


  I really liked my Amazon Echo Dot, which I used to listen to music and audiobooks. However ten months after purchasing the device the speaker quality has gone and there is a horrible intermittent buzz/squeak that has rendered it unusable.  Not worth the money.


  Not as good as I thought it would be


  Having a lot of trouble setting up to WiFi,keeps saying rubbish password,does it want my WiFi password or amazon password,locked me out of amazon now !!! John Mellor


  Quite crap really it gives you a lot of information you don’t want or didn’t ask for for example I asked how to make a chocolate milkshake (I know simple right?) well not for Alexa it then tells you the recipe for cookies


  It was an unwanted present. Who needs another egg timer with a built in radio. Oh, and by the way, it demands money from you once you’ve spent a load of time setting it up.


  a novelty toy for a dumb down society.


  Although it’s cheaper, sound quality is nor very good. Other echo products much better


  the problem with alexa is it can't find JERSEY to tell me the weather?????????????


  Compared to the second gen this is terrible, voice does not sound natural and the voice recognition is woeful, the second gen I own is much more responsive


  Sometimes she didn’t respond. And sometimes she don’t understand. I am little bit disappointed!! And I read it article about eco and actually it wasn’t really nice.


  The alexa often doesn't work and I have to restart it a couple times a day so it will sync


  Most things I ask, I sorry I don't know.Good for the weather, and tv guide


  Alexa's voice is devoid of all mid and high frequency, so being older I can't understand it. The music has  equaliser adjustments but the voice is cannot be corrected, and there's no fix available for it. A chocolate teapot springs to mind.


  Sound not as good as my ehco first gen but a big minus is that it is not portable unlike other generations of the echo there is no 3rd party external base for this 3rd gen dot


  Excellent product although my music service was cancelled


  Not using it as I absolutely cannot stand the American voice and have no idea how to change it .


  Lovely sound. But I didn’t realise it had to be plug into the mains to work!


  My Echo dot is only about a week old and you ask it to play a song it listens, repeats what you said then doesn’t play the song. It’s happened way to many times now


  Given as a present. I am computer literate but there is little guidance on how it might be ued or how it might interact with TV, audio or electrical items. Apparently have to spend a lot more money to get it to access what I'm interested in.


  It wasn’t plum when it arrived and it’s very crackle sound


  A pretty useless gadget


  the eco dot was fine in itself but i could not download the app to make it work..had to send it back for a refund


  Mine just stopped working and had to get a replacement


  honestly, it’s quite defective at times. Normally tasks such as setting reminders and alarms are not working even when setting it up through the app.


  Doesnt work with virgin


  Its ok but you still need to buy all of its usefully features


  Nearly every question asked she is unable to answer, Google’s device can answer the questions. It is unable to give you routes or bus times but yet again Google’s can. Don’t waste your money and get a google device


  Disliked because wasn't aware that we would have to pay so much more to add music as we already have an Echo which we pay for this is extra!Sound quality not as good


  Shocking- returned the next day must I must have ended up with a faulty one or something but I won’t bother with a Alexa again will stick with higher Brands!!


  It will not connect to the my internet... so unhappy with the product.... I’m happy to send it back .... Iv bought 4 echo dots and this is the only one Iv had problems with, not only with the delivery but now technically....


  I already have an Alexa and purchased the DOT  and pay £3.99 why should i pay an extra £7 to get music on the new item surely it should be connected to the original when in the same house .


  doesnt pick up sound aswell and takes longer to action requests.


  Great device but  the bass is far too much. I have tried to lower the bass and increase the treble but no can do. It sounds nothing like the sound advertised on the tv. I love it however I wish I had sent it back after a couple of weeks.


  Not sure, crashed few times and needed restart....


  I was unable to connect to my echo so they could interact and when the dot was plugged in it turned off my echo and defaulted to the dot. Not as easy as advertised to use both devices.


  Thought as I'd purchased an echo that the dot would act like a satellite or at least sync. But no. When I ask Alexa to play certain songs she says I need to upgrade.  Should've waited and hit another echo for the bedroom


  At first looking at advertising. Looked really good. But now I have one. Don’t have much use for it. This is something you would have to buy more off. Plus subscribe to amazon music.


  Not easy setting up plus I've asked how to stop the lights staying on all the time and had no reply from you??


  It’s great....when it works. Had a few issues with this one my other one works fine but this one seems to have some sort of glitch only had it a month.


  I got Alexa as a Christmas gift, I mainly use it to play music and set reminders and alarms, our house is not technically minded so no asking to switch stuff on or off lol... But I love it x


  Privacy is really poor on these. They have the ability to recognise the owners voice, but anyone can get amazing prime order history, or make calls off the owners phone.


  Music and informationIt connects for a while then looses Internet signal Al the time


  Isn't as good as original.  Voice recognition not good.  Plays what she wants not what I request.


  This echo dot is okay but one major issue is that you can’t connect stereo pair as a Bluetooth device so therefore you cannot stream music from other sources through your stereo set up.


  I'm having difficulty in down loading the free app please advise


  Not a stand alone system, add ons needed. Just a vehicle for buying more


  The echo dot that I bought is deaf every command you have to shout it out or she alexa doesn't hear you and I'd say 60% of what you ask her she doesn't know the answer


  I bought it to connect to my Sony Bluetooth speaker but they won’t talk to eachother. Been in touch and apparently it is a common problem and they are trying to work a fix. Come on Amazon get it sorted because otherwise this is a brilliant piece of tech.


  It’s ok when it’s working, but constantly having to reboot it everyday as it’s unresponsonsive.  Not so autonomous as they make it look on the adverts


  Repeated attempts to integrate failures.Keeps saying I need prime account to access music. I have prime account. My Alexa has never had issues but this echo has failed.


  Our echo dot has left a white mark on our new oak furniture. Possibly repairable/will fade over time but its an annoyance. Will be putting it on a coaster from now on.


  Doesnt let you use youtube the sound quality isnt the best and it doesnt understand welsh people its a no for me


  Love the speaker Quality on the new Dot 3rd gen  but unfortunately The echodot is constantly switching itself off when playing music or the radio..


  Not that good cant answer simple things Like distance


  Sometimes doesn't recognise the most basic requests. Freezes a lot. Sometimes malfunctions. Seems to find it particularly difficult to shuffle playlists. Overall, really disappointing after so much marketing hype.


  Difficult to set up


  Ok


  Over expensive, poor to use and doesn't connect well with applications


  Very muffled speaker I have the Google Mini nest and I find it a lot clearer


  Ease of use,works as it should,and the sound could be better,unfortunately it has a tendency to suddenly sound like it is an out of tune radio especially when words start with “S” I have read other complaints with the same issue,it’s a shame because I was ready to give a good review


  It has phoned someone with out me telling it to and it has a poor knowledge as regards answering questions. We did a test with Google and Alexa and Alexa lost.


  Keeps cutting out after few days of being plugged in, when I say Alexa it sometimes doesn’t register sometimes it turns on without me saying anything to activate it but sound quality is decent for what it is


  Alexa integration not very good.


  As a speaker it’s great, meanwhile as a smart speaker it’s horrendous. It can’t or dosent pick up my voice unless I press the button. I bought a bulb and plug to go with it and they are useless as Alexa dosent listen.


  Not the best experience, struggled to connect it to my iphone, There isn’t one official alexa App for IOS, haven’t been able to upload my contacts and the speaker quality is terrible. Positives are Alexa is quite responsive and Amazon Music.


  It’s good for setting alarms but the voice is American and thinks I’m asking about similar sounding American places when I ask about places in the UK or doesn’t understand at all. For example it thinks I’m saying Pittsburg every time I say Peterborough among other places.


  It's ok. Limited for music unless you subscribe to Amazon. Says 'I'm not sure about that,' loads.


  Really good piece of equipment but keeps stopping on me. It's as if it crashes because it judders the song playing and won't respond to me.


  I have paired two dots with an echo.  None of the devices understand Radio Two, on Everywhere Group.  Either Radio Two, or Everywhere group but not both.  It insists on going to S4 Radio ????.


  I use only  for music. Alexa is American so dealing with accents  is difficult.. does not remember  my last songs or songs I liked it played before.  Many she does not have so you have to pay for Amazon monthly  fee to access all music


  I'm very disappointed in this product it keep saying the same thing over and over again. Sorry I'm having  trouble understanding right now. It's not function appropriately.


  Have 3 waste of money as you need a separate account for each one


  The product was a gift. Sadly it often hears me incorrectly and the sound quality for Alexa’s voice sounds muffled and unclear, even after altering the eq on the appIv reverted to using my dab radio


  Product is good but sound is sometimes ‘grainy’ and jumps a bit like a scratched cd. Sometimes doesn’t pick up our voice and have to shout ‘Alexa’ before she pays attention. Would probably return but lost receipt ‍♀️


  Alexa don’t always reply to your call the dot switches of when request. When working normally can be good fun


  Disappointed with this upgrade  . I cannot get BBC radio and keep keep linking to stations in countries miles away I have contacted amazon and they say they are dealing with itI’m still waiting


  Tried setting it on iOS a few times, does not seem to work


  The microphone is not very good, and Alexa does not always respond. When Alexa does respond sometimes she doesn’t respond with the right things.


  don't know whether this is coincidence but ever since I've had the device my 'internet' really has problems and keeps going down whenever i have used the 'echo dot'


  Unless you buy into the add ons e.g. automatic lights, I’m not sure what other value there is for this product. I’m fed up with “hum, I don’t know that one”.


  If you want a good interactive speaker, I wouldn't recommend this item


  Just doesn't do half the things the Google one does. A bit rubbish to be honest.


  Don't like it


  She switches off without be told to.


  She a good clock


  Too difficult to set up even my daughter had problems so it is still not set up !I have friends my age who have the same problem !


  Frequently misunderstands. Not as good as Google assistant in terms of voice recognition.


  I used it for a few days and it worked fine, however it just stopped with no power. I bought a full Alexa before and the same thing happened and you fixed it for me Apparently it was your plug at fault. Can you tell me what to do


  Speaker rattles like it's a blown speaker so not good for playing music.. maybe mine is faulty


  The voice regognition got worse. The previous generation dot is much better and gets it wrong less often... not sure why? Microphone issues? The sound is better but still lacks some depth. My Bose which is the same size has much better quality sound.


  Only used it to ask about weather and time


  Not life changing, over hyped, i spend more time searching through music apps on my phone changing what alexa decided to play rather than telling her what to play.


  Product is good when it works but it keeps losing internet connectivity without any reason which causes a lot of hassle having to reconfigure it every few days


  Was great at first - sound quality amazingOnly now it doesn’t recognise music apps so I use it like a Bluetooth speaker- asks me to enable to app even though it is ?


  it ordered stuff on my amazon account, and I still haven't been refunded!!!  when they know it did it


  It doesn’t work had to reset everytime


  Quite good apart from having to keep connecting


  This was a Father's Day present from my son in 2019. I don't even know how to set it up. It's been sitting in my lounge since I've opened it. Have plugged in and I don't know  how to use it.


  My Alexa glitches and hardly responds correctly.


  Alexa doesn't understand 50% of the time. Integration with Spotify works poor as Alexa plays random songs. Works ok as a speaker


  Users with multiple devices should be able to use apps, such as Amazon Music, across devices without having to pay an increased cost. It’s a big drawback, to be honest.


  Didn't buy it as it came with the new central heating. I certainly wouldn't have bought one. The kids have had more fun asking Alexa to make farting noises.


  Alexa is only an ok product, fails way too frequently.


  Bought 2, this one doesnt work. The other is fine


  Very disappointed, her story telling is rubbish. She so easily misinderstands what you say. Wished I'd not bothered.


  Doesn't connect to my smart things. Frequently switches off a few seconds into playback . Sounds amazing when it works


  Unfortunately the guard feature is not likely getting released anytime soon, if at all. Lost a star for this.


  Despite a number of attempts to link to favourite radio station the device repeatedly failed to recognise the request.


  Not compatable with Google home sent back.


  I was saddened to find if i wanted Alexa to play MY music i could "at a cost" Another monthly instalment paid to Amazon.Disgraceful !


  Speaker has started to go all fuzzy & can't hear songs or Alexas voice. Stopped working after warranty period .... interestingly. Very unhappy.


  Not compatible with my phone or tablet. Would have been helpful to know this. Gave it to my granddaughter


  Speakers going faulty after 8 month


  Very good in all but Spotify does not work wellAsk Alexa to play song by Ed Sheeran and she just play the last song you where listening to on spotify


  Not very good at taking instructions...repeats it self...switches itself off when playing.


  Its only ok, not worth the money, will be obsolete next year with better smart home devices on the market


  Despite buying amazon prime, unless you purchase amazon’s music package for additional fee, Alexa does not play a vast number of mainstream songs across the last 4 decades. Very disappointed given I bought it for the ability to play music.


  Still getting used to it,


  Love it when it's working. Usually once a week or so it goes very slow and crackly then after a few mins doesn't respond to anything and the speaker stops. Unplug and reboot and it's back to normal.


  Can be useful for alarms and basic questions. Always struggles to find my music playlists from Spotify. Not that intelligent. Would recommend a google home mini over this.


  I bought this to take on weekend breaks, but it doesn't seem to connect to my prime account. It does at home as a second unit to main Alexa but on its own not very good. Tried looking in the help but have no luck.


  3rd gen, just isn’t quite as intuitive as it’s predecessors... voice recognition, nowhere near as good as 2nd gen and sound quality poor.


  Asked it to play a particular radio channel but it refused.


  Can’t seem to use it like a simple bluetooth speaker very well with either my iPhone or my Wife’s One Plus 5


  Not sure why but does not recognise BBC Radio 2 or some other radio stations.  My main Echo does.


  At times very tinny sounds


  the echo dot cuts out about 1-2 mins into play, you then have to re request, happens a lot for smooth radio and now its happening with rock fm


  Can't get the app to work with my phone


  Very disappointed with this device


  Sound has to much bass, even with the equaliser set to full -bass and full +treble very disappointed,  will keep my original 1st gen echo as the main device


  Yes we happy with the purchase!


  Not has good as I thought but OK


  Ok but I had it bought as a Xmas gift but I have one downstairs so it was put upstairs  for music but I think £9 99 is too  much to pay so its only used for reminders the time news and weather.


  Only purchased after getting it free after purchasing a boiler from British Gas. Seems it a bit pointless, won't connect to Bose speaker. Can do most things on smartphone. Probably won't really use this.


  looks smartworked intermittently.never says we have a playlist or have any songs subscribed but we have.frustrating.the 1st gen and 2nd gen are better!


  Amazing product if you have Spotify Premium or Amazon Prime but if not, it’s just another speaker.


  Frustrating. Poor voice recognition and limited actions


  I have asked Alexa questions that I usually may google but mostly it comes back with no result


  It doesn’t always play what I asked for ,and the volume goes up full blast I have to unplug it to stop it,the other night I unplugged it and 5mins later it starts playing without power


  Really disappointed in this product .. Sound quality is terrible! I won’t be playing music via this echo - waste of money would not recommend


  Strange that a device purchased in UK doesn’t support skills for Indian market. I was specifically interested in Wipro Smart bulb skills. It was supported in Indian echo but not in UK echo dot


  The app is not really working


  CAN'T UNDERSTAND SET UP I NEED HELP CAN YOU ADVISE  ME ...THANKS. AND DO I NEED ANY OTHER  DEVICES TO ATTACH TO IT?


  Don’t buy this as a speaker. It is great for using as a small smart hub in your hone.


  Was initially really impressed, everything was high quality, sound, response time and mic pick up - but then the sound just totally degraded last night. May just be down to the fact that I was an early adopter and this was the bad egg


  Very muffled sound quality


  It’s not badBought it on sale so I guess it’s ok.


  Impressed with Alexa, the sound and voice recognition is better than expected.


  i swear it has a lot Solwer response then 2.0 but everything else is much better, sound and listening skills


  I don't much like this as I'm not convinced it's no gathering information about me or what's going on in my life


  so disappointed with the Echo Dot - I was under the impression that I could add songs to a playlist, by asking Alexa to 'add .... to my playlist -- but apparently not


  Dots are good, but this still doesnt have Alexa Guard, which is why I bought this 3rd gen dot.


  Dissatisfied can't get Connected


  Would be fab if Alexa was not deaf!


  I SENT THE ECHO DOT BACK OVER A WEEK AGO FOR A REFUND IT WAS FAULTY BUT IAM STILL GETTING EMAILS TELLING WHAT YOU CAN DO WITH IT AND ADVICE TO GET THE BEST OUT OF IT. THE ONLY THING IT'S GOOD FOR IS A DOOR STOP THANKS


  Product was ok for 8 hours then over night it would not power up the next morning.The charging plug had failed. Amazon replaced free of charge and posted out.The problem was sorted.Thank you


  Very defective. Struggles to stay connected to WiFi while my 2nd generation dot has no problem. Missed my return window or I’d have gotten rid.


  Seems as if there is a fire risk here....beware


  I've tried 2 echo dots & every time despite following the instructions very difficulty to connect to wi-fi, after googling my issues it appears I'm not alone


  Bought 2, 1 of them is great, the other is a cow with an attitude problem?!


  So inconsistent with the voice recognition and there have been quite a few times when you turn it on, the red light shows.


  Overall works well. But disappointed that you must subscribe at extra cost to listen to streaming music. All streaming music so far tried need to be premium membership to work. So really it's an expensive DAB Radio that talk's....


  She doesn’t r spine and then very time I want to use her she says she need setting up and I’ve set her up 20 times now since I got her


  Not worth the hype or the money. Unless you make your whole house amazon smart, it’s pointless to have it. Doesn’t even play the radio well.  App is not very user friendly and Alexa itself has got problems with understanding voices.


  It keeps cutting out and having to turn it off daily to sort it out. Very disappointing


  Dislike that you have to pay for music


  She's a bit deaf


  This is still pretty dumb.


  Unfortunately not heavy enough as a door stop


  I have 3 Alexa and I am very annoyed that I can’t play different music in each room. I think there should be an option to play individually or altogether.Please sort this problem


  It would have been helpful if it had been set up for English UK and not Australian.


  Disappointed in this Alexa, it struggles to follow through any request, even with clear english.


  Would not accept my wifi downloaded app on phone and would not register


  the sound is good for a small speaker, but it plays some songs louder than others, and every now and then the sounds goes very tinny and needs restarting.


  Keeps turning on as if I spoke to it but was silent in the room.


  It’s quite annoying, repeat myself a lot and quite often she dose t do what she’s told!


  Was a present


  It’s fun at first but after a while you realise it’s a dumb Peace s****


  Will not play Spotify after cancelling and reinstalling several times .plays for 1day then stops again


  doesn’t connect to spotify as advertised. try something different if this is your reason for purchase.


  Prefer my pure radio for sound quality. Concerned that Alexa can “listen in” . My children gave as a gift so I am grateful.


  Not impressed at all


  Very muddy sound, which cannot corrected with Alexa tone control.


  This echo dot won't set up tried everything what can we do to get it to work followed the prompts on the app


  Very muffled speech, difficult to understand.Unable to connect to my Bluetooth speaker as I had expected.


  Not for us


  As expected works like all Alexas but this one does not come with a USB lead you have to utilise a 13 amp socket. Quite annoying as I had a USB socket intended for this


  Everything about it is just ok.


  Alexa doesn't know a lot. When you ask a lot of general knowledge questions, she says she doesn't know. I havent tried the google one but assume it will have more knowledge


  Would be great of Alexa listen properly instead of giving you a load of rubbish that you don't want to hear


  I thought I would have some music on the dot and initially I did have music but it will not play any music or any radio stations. It is a great disappointment.


  I listen to a lot of music on U-tube. But not via Alexa, because of a spat between Amazon and Google. Had I known Alexa cannot access U-tube I'd have bought Google Assistant instead.


  Speaker blew out after 6 weeks, anything Alexa says is muffled and unintelligible.  Her hearing isn't much better either.


  Not as good as advertised. Ask her questions all I get is ‘ I don’t know that one’ songs keep skipping too


  The App and the devise are on different planets.Not that impressed at all.


  A bit overrated, sound quality is okay but nothing special.


  I loved it until the cable stopped working. Now I have to use the plug from my sons echo. It's causing problems.


  It's not as good as I thought it would be dont know if its different  from the other gens it don't understand a lot of what you say and to top it off I paid full price then a few weeks later the cut the price by half


  Not that good. Had a problem hearing me most of the time. Had to shout at top of my voice so it could hear me


  Have to keep repeating myself, doesn’t always turn tv off when told too. Doesn’t always find the radio station when asked to play it.It’s ok but I wouldn’t rave about it


  Worked ok for 6 months then started saying “ I’m having trouble understanding at the moment “  and then will not play


  Rubbish


  It was okay


  I cannot pair the echo with Spotify of iTunes so can only play radio stations


  Not bad


  Great product but disappointed in the price bought it for 49.99 only to see it drop next day to 29.99 . Not happy .


  Keeps disconnecting from my iPhone then I have to restart it as it won’t work or do anything. Mainly use it for music but as it is not working 100% it’s becoming an ornament  was really excited too


  The product was good however I cannot use unless I have a wife network. What if I have only my phone data still have to buy a router.


  I love my extra speaker! however, it’s annoying that I have to upgrade my subscription & pay more for that speaker to play selected music. Overall I’m happy with it.


  Is this device having global support?. I have bought this in UK and after a while moved to India. Now I am struggling to get support on the device from amazon.


  Alexa only worked for a couple of days then music started jumping like a broken micraphonre it was awful haven't been able to play it since so disappointed since


  Stopped working after 2 weeks and won’t reconfigure


  Tried suggested methods to get Alexa to play my playlist but the device won’t let me change the default setting. All it will play is Flow.


  Very disappointed. Frequently fails to understand and when it does, it doesn't know the answer. Nothing more than a bluetooth speaker with voice control for basic functions


  did not like


  Voice recognition is great and so is the sound but getting it work with the tv constantly is a waste of time and so is trying to use Apple Music trough it


  Very disappointed with this. Connectivity was poor and it doesn't connect with BBC radio stations. Waste of money, even at the discounted price.


  I didn’t know you could only call someone if they have Alexa too. There are no easy instructions. I still can’t sink it with my snark tv. Useful as an alarm clock and to play music.


  Very mixed so far, tried to play music through Apple Music set it up but Alexa states needs an update and when requesting an update it says it is fully updated so not sure what to think at the moment


  It was fine for £25


  Easy to set up. Works fine but the sound quality is atrocious! I'll probably sell mine.


  Poor instructions and difficult to set up, even for someone that considers themselves relatively tech savvy. Still unable to link with other echos around the house for music


  And access google search and YouTubeGood for aMazon things


  Doesn't do much


  This is the second one I've bought the last one the speaker went you could not hear Alexa clear and lots of vibrations from the music


  Had a echo dot since day one. Can't lie this eco dot the sound has massively improved, I can only imagine what the ech studio must sound like.


  Sound all muffled . Google nest much sharp and clear . Regret getting the echo dot .


  Cannot get her connected by my phone, my husband connected it to his but it keeps stopping, not happy


  Very poor speech recognition. Works well as a Bluetooth speaker when linked to phone or PC.


  Only work for 10 minuets then will stop working disconnect and reconnect will repeat again for another 10 minuets and so on


  Useful present but don't appreciate knowing that Amazon is listening in the whole time. Won't be using it much longer.


  Don't buy if you don't have or don't want to buy amazon prime / amazon music. Novelty at first but all in all over rated.


  I found it difficult to set up for music and the damned thing played what it wanted, not what I asked for!


  I bought this to make using my Sonos easier for the rest of the family, it doesnt! if you want it to just play random music from the amazon collection then its ok.


  I don't like the fact, once I registered an account, music on request stoped playing and monthly payment required...Otherwise recommended.


  Have to unplug when not in use as don’t want it listening


  Bit pointless really


  I have a subscription to Apple Music, but Alexa will not let me link to it. Alexa's voice is difficult to hear. I would prefer the option of a male voice. The sound quality is not good.


  Wasnt happy I had to pay 9.99 for the use to play songs as I already have 1 alexia so now just use it for the radio n alarm


  Amazon seems to have sucked me in with a prime subscription and the songs they allowed me to put on my play list have been greyed out and now only seem available for additional purchase. Big disappointment Amazon.


  Don’t think this is very good every song you ask for it can’t play it as it asks you to sign up for amazon music which you have to pay for


  The speaker is amazing. No doubt about that but it needs to be wireless. Or at least multiple charging jacks.


  Echo dot is 2 weeks old light stopped going round and Alexa blue light gone very dull


  Was a Christmas present, not much use only use it for the correct time a couple of times a week.


  So far, unimpressed and disappointed. Alexa did not recognise the Welsh town I asked for weather info, will not play any UK radio stations. Seriously considering sending back


  The first couple of days it worked perfectly.  But now when i say Alexa it lights up but doesnt speak. Not very impressed


  My power cable was faulty from the start - I contacted he'll with Amazon but never heard back


  My Alexa doesn’t pick up signals for WiFi I have tried 3 hot spots too can you help?


  I was happy but recently it has developed an issue with it's S's. Now looking to complain and replace


  Occasionally do not give reminders.A simple alarm sounds but does not speak.I can't ask for important reminders because this happens


  Barely understands basic commands, if u have an accent I can see this being very difficult to use as she has trouble understanding me at times.


  Keeps freezing a firmware update seems to be required


  Bought this as a Christmas present for my wife. Nothing but a glorified radio. Took ages to set up, wife ready to throw it in the bin.


  Only seems to know the answer to a question 50% of the time and unless your music taste is mainstream often doesn't have music asked for


  You have to download bare apps that cost money in order for this to effective work and be functional- not rlly worth it just get a speaker


  Could not connect ... not computer savvy


  First one only lasted a week but replacement was rapid....... we'll see what happens!


  Even though I tried adding unlimited music. It will not subscribe, and the music that Alexa plays is not what I want.


  Initially was a traumatic experience, I am still recovering from the stress this has caused me. I have not been performing well in work due to this. MY NAMES NOT GREEG ITS GREIG


  Had difficulty connecting with the dot had to say commands three or four times


  The sound coming out of my Echo is terrible, it is all crackly and at really poor standard


  difficult to pair with extra speaker! still have not mastered.it.


  I am an Amazon Prime member and visiting Delhi India with my echo dot!! Unable to work it!!!Help!


  Not the same quality as our other Alexia. Won’t play bbc radio


  I went for the echo 5, much better with a screen


  Thuis device is a hook to catch you into the Amazon prime monthly payment


  It’s great for asking questions, playing music and audio books but it doesn’t always recognise me and it kee crackling when playing music.?


  Cant play bbc radio on it despite the box saying you can. BBC not how supporting the device :(


  Not to pleased as it wont pair with my Bose speakers and wont play My ITUNES Music I bought 2 one for a Christmas Present but thinking of sending it back now and the app has frozen already .


  I dislike I need to pay extra for music services to use with Alexa. I am unable to use free accounts, like Spotify free which is a major disappointment.


  Music,and questioning,


  Doesn’t pick up on my voice most of the time, end up shouting at it, sound quality is good though, but it is annoying.


  Sound quality is ok, getting answers on general questions is not great. Got this on a deal, would never pay retail price


  Speaker as stopped working and just crackles only had it since November.


  I probably would have sent this back, but at £22 it wasn't a bad buyThe grandchildren love it


  It is not as straight forward to use, although the initial setting up is easy when it comes to customising responses it does not seem capable of learning certain words and names


  Always pick's Amason products not surprising surprisingly


  Has a mind of it’s own. Plays what it wants.


  I like the sound, i conect to my laptop, but have miss a lot skills, wich i need to stay and create, and is complicated, for my.


  Bit disappointing.  Problems with playing music via spotify.  Might find more use for it, but feels a bit extraneous.


  For same strange reason this item doesn’t respond to your commands straight away and sometimes doesn’t at all.


  Not informed extra monthly cost to use the items linked


  I was annoyed that amazon charge for a second music subscription when I’m already paying on my echo


  Far too complicated to set up. Now its working, I'm struggling to find a use for it other than playing the radio.


  Our Ehco dot has been glitching and jumping while playing music and it is struggling to skip and making requests on ehco dot


  Received this and find that Alexa doesn’t respond well in a busy environment.


  We have put echo dot in our holiday home.


  Would find you have to speak very load for it to work


  It plays music on its own when nobody is home. It doesn’t understand half the things I say


  Has a tendancy to turn on and off by itself with no instruction. Can at times be really quiet. And other times really loud. Over all I'm very dissatisfied with the product


  Do'nt  bother with this,time waster.


  Doesn’t work well for me


  Received as a gift. Doesn't really have much  use over talking into my smartphone.


  Linking in with sonos is messy. You want to skip a track maybe and it stops on the sonos. The integration is just messy. Stand alone it's ok.


  Sound quality for music playing very poor.Many tracks sounded muffled,and had too much base.Not too bothered as it was a free promotion gift.


  Tried to get it to play music, any music, but would not play


  Kept on saying ' sorry having trouble understanding right now try later'


  Good for radio. About it. Unless you want to pay monthly costs for music


  Cant pair with Sonos One


  Play only 10 songs if you dont have Amazon prime


  if only I could sync my iTunes to it properly I would've given it more stars


  Used echo dot for music  and updates. I like everything about echo dot.


  i mainly use it fir reminders and alarms. the sound quality is not good


  Keeps cutting out without any obvious reason. Internet connection is ok


  Little brother listening to my conversations


  This is deafest device I've ever had. I literally have to shout at it to have it activated


  Love it


  Now selling at £24.99 would like refund of difference or will return


  Not as useful as I thought. Have to 're boot on occasions and still not functioning as I hoped.  I will not buy another. My daughter has goole edition...which seems fine


  Maybe should have read up on this but I didn’t realise it has to be plugged in to work so limited to where you put it as too near to certain other devices and sound quality is terrible.


  After a few months the speaker sound is destroyed what can I do will amoxicillin replace it


  Terrible sound doesn’t listen does own thing


  Disappointed that it's not easy to connect with the other without upgrading to family music. And it's a big gaff for multi room, so much so I've had it a few weeks and still not done it!


  Payed for music on prime and will.not play via my unit


  This device is over rated. It doesn’t recognise voice all the time


  Disappointing sound quality. Expected free standing opeation. Surprised by no integration with YouTube except through chargeable Amazon Music.


  Ask it a question and all I get back is, I'm not sure about that


  I didnt like the fact that I have to upgrade my Amazon music subscription to be able to use it on a second device.


  I downloaded the Alexa App but spent 4 hours trying to activate the Echo dot. Eventually had to get someone else to do it.


  Expensive to run for users that have more than two - subscription fee.


  Echo Dot Poor sound Quality when asked Alexa for an Amazon tune


  alexa has no access to you tube library and its restricted to purchase music stores also can't setup the daily music routine


  It's good


  Thought the echo was a really handy product but soon found out it isn’t compatible to Apple Music despite being advertised that it does.


  It’s hard to work keeps saying the same story over and over again


  No where near the sound quality of the echo for the price difference I wouldn't recommend this device


  I may aswell of had another child because this thing don’t listen to me either 


  Don't really use it much. Useful to set the odd alarm but overall a gimmick.


  Didnt work properly she give wrong answers


  It’s poor quality.


  Alexa cannot understand  my  voice


  Crap does not interact with other devices and limited voice recognition and answers


  it's not what I imagined it  to be honest I  should have  gone  with  Google


  Had to return it because sound became distorted/fuzzy after only a couple of weeks of use.


  Not impressed with the sound quality it sounds like it has a constant echo. Not as good as the original echo dot by a long shot.


  Very slow response:  Very random replies:


  I thought I would be able to listen to BBC programs . Very disappointed


  Only works half of the time. Waste of money


  I bought 2 of these echo devices and they both seem to have a scratching sound when playing music.  I had the echo 1st generation previously and never had this problem before.


  Disappointed at the life of the Echo on standby after a full charge.


  I very dissapointed with thd bus times feature,rubbish


  A bit unusable since you have to pay to use Spotify which is a free service. Everything g else is just a gimmick


  Not as impressive as GoogleShe seems to be dyslexic......


  Terrible muffled sound compared to my 2nd generation Alexa dot


  Because uses Bing for web searches, it falls way below what Google will answer


  Won’t connect to Bose sound system


  Dont like it waste of money


  Waiting for it to come


  Ok but the music is absolutely crapppppp


  Cant get it to connect to wifi


  Very different to the main echo. Painful trying to get it to do anything you want.When it does work, it is fine


  Good


  It doesn't work like my other one which plays most songs this one doesn't.


  Real shame, worked well to start with however daily problems with playback using Apple Music.


  Echo Dot really difficult to set up.


  Little slag hasn't got a clue what I say


  I have to shout at it for it to hear me


  I’m using for music and radio. I also do quizzes with my grandchildren


  I can't get any of the major BBC radio channels. When will this be resolved


  It's brilliant


  My dot will not communicate with my phone . So have not been able to enjoy it


  Hello.Alexa is a new thing for me,but sometimes it stop when plays song.she doesnt recongnise my voice


  Would’ve liked to be able to link to my Spotify account without having to pay, and iTunes/ipod


  it doesnt work


  Not easy to set up or install. Currently sat on my living room floor in the box.


  Bought to control my Sonos. Will not play my library of music on my nas. No good for what I wanted


  I loved this product bought for my daughter ❤️


  It's stopped by herself


  Didn’t like being continually asked to subscribe to a monthly fee.Dustbin for me.


  could not link to play spotify, as it seems geared up to play amazon music only


  poor information on use of alexa


  I am finding it hard to get working through the alexa app will not pick up Wi-Fi very frustrating


  Not great; announces everything before the action and is apparently unable to shuffle music...


  Not that good and difficult to use, I think it's a pointless item


  Search feature is limited. have to be precise to get something. Not as good as Google


  Seems to be out dated ! Gives too many American answers, and for ever saying I'm sorry I don't know that ...


  Sometimes doesn’t do what you ask


  Cant get it to work


  Really not worth it


  Sound quality from such a small speaker


  It's OK but alot of work needs to be put into it snuggles to answer your questions


  Didn't understand most of questions,  activated unprompted several times,  really not good


  Keeps disconnecting from WiFi so needs a setup every other day. Gets annoying.


  Don't like it


  Very happy present for my wife


  Will not pick up internet in house??whether bad reception or whatever? But will not work??


  Can not play bbc radio ulster on dot


  Really crackly low quality sound with music, disappointed


  Great value for money


  My Alexa echo dot came with out the power adapter


  I ask Alexa to play a song and she plays something totally  opposite that I want and sometimes it crackles when playing a song


  hardly use it was bought as a xmas present but never switch it on


  I though it would be a little more louder for music


  The top bit comes off and it broke. Very disappointed.


  It frequently disconnects from the internet and doesn’t reply sometimes called.


  Not very smart


  Can’t get past Amazon trying to sign me to PRIME to integrate with app


  Too limiting


  Not very impressed.


  Often have to shout to be heard and it's shameless self promotion of Amazon music is beyond irritating.


  I have raised an enquiry as the Echo keeps buffering despite changing internet


  Like it


  everything good exept sound quality, base sound is fuzzy


  I can’t get it to play radio 2 which my Alexa plus can do


  Doesn't connect to alexa as original doesn't have blue tooth


  Struggles to connect to other amazon devices.


  Unable to find pieces of classical music. Very annoying


  We swapped our google home for this one and we preferred the home


  Convenient and multipurpose. But inferior sound quality, especially for spoken word


  Answers too many times. "I don't know that"


  Very slow response and usual answer is "i don't know that". A bir disappointed


  Not as good as I was expecting


  Alexa is okay if you are willing to spend on accessories or even open an amazon music account but as a stand alone unit not much use


  This item does not stream any bbc radio programmes ie radio 1,2 and local radio


  Sound quality no where near as good as the Alexa


  Can not get any bbc radio. Would not buy if I  had known this. Very dissatisfied


  Doesn't seem to work as well as 2nd gen. Cuts out sometimes and bass goes gravelly until I restart.


  Does not always understand what I am saying, and regularly is not able to answer my questions


  You’ll need to get and pay all Amazon products for this to work ok


  Not recognising my voice


  Not all that


  Sound crackles and distorted


  Brought two, one is great other does what it feels like.


  Half way through songs it will stop and won't respond to our command.


  Appalling sound quality


  Dose not play songs I want too listen too just says sorry I don’t no that


  Its just ok


  Might have to return it... not great sound...


  A pretty poor piece of kit.Very poor sound quality.


  Terrible at recognising  the voice


  Doesn’t understand about 80% of what you ask it.


  Worked then moved to another room & dident work, it would also be nice to be able to e-mail Amazon all mine have been returned


  Poor voice recognition and very poor sound quality


  Low volume


  That I need to subscribe monthly to hear particular song with certain fee.


  Having to setup travel, weather travel etc information is not as accurate as required.


  No expectations. Gift


  Doesn't always obey commands and have to switch it off to shut it up. Erratic performance overall.


  Doesn’t listen to me even tho I’m only 2ft away at times


  Did not find any useful features.


  good product but where is this Samuel l Jackson feature!


  After 2 weeks stopped working


  It’s ok


  Poor voice recognition.  Very frustrating - keeps playing stations i don't want


  I wanted to use this at work but it wouldn’t connect to my work WiFi. It only works at home.


  I bought one for each bedroom unfortunately  they over ride each other


  As per headline


  Hi I had to shout loud for  the microphone to pick my voice up on volume 6. Like the sound quality.


  had as a present don't trust


  Google version a lot better


  Noticeably worse at hearing commands than my 2nd gen Dot


  Don’t find it interesting


  Smart, but I expected much better from a company such as amazon


  Didnt know answers to questions


  No


  Great smart device. My kids love it!


  9 times out of 10 this will not play audiobooks from audible


  Sound quality really poor - very distorted.


  Good as a gimmick, rubbish at answering specific questions


  Shoulda bought A Bose!


  Stopped working after two weeks. Must try rebooting. If that fails you can have it back


  Keeps losing connection but good for music


  Is a little slower than my echo. And volume isn’t that great


  Products find shame doesn’t work with my other speakers that have Alexa to make a good speaker system


  Dont turn off when asked.


  wrong answers to clear questions 70%


  Sometimes, Alexa is just stop and I don't know the reason why.


  It wont let me cancell subscriptions


  After a while voice started to sound weird


  Very happy


  My speaker is flashing red An won’t work how do I send it back.


  Sound quality is not amazing and seems to be some noise interference


  Dislike


  Alexa keeps cutting out sound goes fuzzy/crackling


  I am having a recurring problem where the Alexa  is crackling when playing music and dropping off the WiFi. What can I do?


  Can connect with my Phillips TV


  Alexa is great for the small things


  Unable to get it to connect to Amazon Wi-Fi


  Sound quality is very poor.


  Just haven't had time to try it out properly!!!


  Absolutely brilliant for kids as well as grown up people


  Radio


  Makes a good alarm clock but has around  a 30% success rate when making a request


  It did not do very well with my lg tv. Can litterally use it for turn off.


  Doesn’t connect too fire stick like I thought


  I like it all apart from the constant Wi-fi drop outs ☹️


  Doesn’t understand a Scottish accent at all


  It's ok but not great don't use it every day


  I ask form music it plays a fewometes then stops


  Listens all the time


  It is okay but does not understand you a lot.


  Can’t use all supposed functions


  Does not recognise simple words most of the time


  My one was faulty


  When we say Alexa to one echo dot in one bedroom, it activates the echo dot in the other room. Slightly annoying!


  It doesn’t do as much as the echo


  It's ok


  Can never find any song on Spotify


  Great piece of kit


  Got this flr my daughter she loves it


  Didn’t like having to shout at her sometimes to obey my command


  The sound quality is poor crackerly sound disapointing .still trying to find its uses for me


  Thought it was better


  Not compatible with chrome cast


  Daughters school homework


  Canno get it to work. My nephew sent it to me from America, no luck so it’s back in its box.


  Very good


  Some times want pick voice up an lot of apps u have to buy or buy products that connect to it


  Not aa good as previous modeks sound very muffled


  crap


  She doesn't know much.


  very not clear sound


  Pleased


  Volume


  It's good, but when I ask it a question, it does not answer, unless I turn it on 1st.


  It keeps cutting out and when I say the wise word it turns on then straight off


  Sound quality is disappointing


  Doesn’t connect to podcasts


  It would not concert to my phone


  All of it . never answered a question i asked it .


  Convenience


  a little boring, not much to do


  It wouldn't pick up my voice


  Not any better than you tube


  Ok


  the echo has stop working i need a refund


  good product but I would be much happier with Google rather than Alexa


  I like everything


  No not at all


  No


  Unable to pick my voice right away. I had to shout.


  I've only had it 5 minutes and the sound has gone from excellent to very tinny.


  it was very hard to get here to understand


  X


  Music and answering questions.


  Alexia doesn't always understand my accent


  Very poor speaker, I know it’s cheap, but still


  Talksport doesn't work and a few other things


  Apple Music doesn’t work


  Its alright


  Music


  dont bother asking questions knows nothing


  Alexa is  so limited.


  Failures all the time


  Better if wireless


  Average


  I can’t get it to give me spots news or latest updates


  Not over impressed with it


  stopped working after 3 months


  Not feeling this product at all


  The echo dot is fun but is not able to answer simple questions


  Won’t play any music unless you pay


  Difficult to interface with Ring device


  It can't recognise Indian songs and names.


  I can't get it to connect to my internet


  Slow and sometimes unresponsive


  No where near as good as the 2nd gen, it's volumn control is not good


  In a room next to another Echo. I can’t change the wake word on the device which means that it wakes with the other device if the doors are open. Raised ticket with amazon 10 days ago and no response.


  If you ask anything it says :sorry I don’t know that :


  The new model features a clock which is useless in daylight, and only readable when sideways as a bedside Alexa.Sound is muffled and would be considered poor for any portable radio. The larger diameter, and obtrusive built-in  transformer mains plug, are furthe retrograde modifications. The colour provided by beige fabric offers no improvement over the previous model, in fact it looks craft / home made by comparison. I could go on, except I can't be bothered, as I won't use the 2 that I purchased. If you want better sound, then plug a 3.5mm jack cable from an early Alexa into a radio or  hi-fi, or use the money you were going spend, on buying a good quality portable radio with a jack input amplifier socket.


  i have waited some time from when  i purchased this item before writing this review  to give the product a fair trial.Alas the response i most frequently hear  from this misnamed intelligent device is  "i am sorry i do not know this " ..The final straw which prompted me to write this review is that recently  Alexa has decided to break into a rendition of Shakespeare's "how shall i compare you to a red rose " ...while i admire the bard i do take exception to hearing such a rendition of this particular poetic  comparison  at random uncalled for  intervals through the day .Alexas knowledge base is limited  (very )..and it is also very disconcerting to receive. unsolicited emails which are  clearly influenced by my (often unanswered ) alexa queries . ..i cannot recommend this "very far from intelligent " big brother snooping devise to any potential future buyer .


  Had my echo dot for almost a year now. Cannot put into words how infuriating this tiny device can be at times, 90% of the time it doesn't understand what I'm saying,  5% of the time it tells me it's unable to connect or is completely offline (I have checked this is not a network issue with my broadband provider, I am fiber to home getting 150mps) . A meagre 5% of the time it actually responds and does what I've asked. Fully regret buying this and intend to replace it with the google home mini.After having a replacement from Amazon due to my last one randomly turning off and on and never completely simple tasks such as 'play spotify', I still find it irritating when it says it cannot connect to spotify, that it is offline, also I've noticed the sound crackles quite a bit recently.


  If I had bought this device, I would be very, very, very disappointed! It was a gift from a family member so I've had a good play and conclude it might be useful as a door stop!In a nutshell, it only plays music from "Amazon Music" or "Spotify" and one other but can't remember the name; I don't use any of them. Apparently it is possible to connect a bluetooth music device but my music is on a samba share, accessed via WiFi!It can apparently be used to call someone in your contacts list but ONLY if they have an "Alexa calling" account (which is free). Calls are routed through the Internet in a simlar fashion to a Voip /vob phone and the calls are free! There doesn't seem to be an option to actually use the mobile phone network. There is an option to use "Skype" but I don't use that either, the echo dot is obviously not aimed at me :-)I asked echo "what day is it" and it told me the correct day, I was expecting it to say "April 1st" :-) Being connected to the Internet, you can ask it all sorts of things just the same as you can with Cortana, Siri, Google wotsit etc. You can ask it to tell a joke and set reminders etc just the same as Cortana, Siri etc. so it does seem to be a bit of fluff.On the plus side, it seems quite robust and well made. It isn't difficult to set up, I installed the Alexa app on a Wilyfox swift 2 x running Android 8.1 and connected to the echo dot fairly easily but had to use the manual method.I also installed it on a Wileyfox Swift running Android 7, that took me quite a while. Ended  up rebooting the phone and then holding down the "action button" on the dot for about 10 secs or more (instead of the 6 secs); this seems to have forced it into set up mode and I eventually got it to work.For me, it's a candidate for room 101. Maybe one day, it will be possible to connect to smb


  Alexa in this day and age is a pain frankly - she's rather stupid. Here are 2 examples I have struggled with:ME: Alexa set an alarm for 7 pmALEXA: Alarm for what time?ME: 7pmALEXA: is that 7 in the morning or afternoon?ME 7pmALEXA: is that 7 in the morning or afternoon? .. [ad infinitum if you continue]ME: in the AfternoonALEXA: ok Alarm set for 7 pm. [Duh!]another?ME:Alexa open Armenian recipesALEXA: You can say give me a recipe for Pilaf or ask me what I can make.ME: Give me a recipe for pilafALEXA: You can say give me a recipe for Pilaf or ask me what I can make.ME: What can you makeALEXA: You can say give me a recipe for Pilaf or ask me what I can make.ME: STFUALEXA: [bing bong].......Just 2 examples of the supidity found in interacting with Alexa - I have hundreds more and this is 2019 now.


  I have six Alexa devices on which I listen largely to the BBC. I am able to set an alarm to wake me up to Radio 4 and I can have it on all my devices throughout the house.In an extraordinarily short-sighted move the BBC has decided to withdraw from Tune-In, the app that streams the BBC. And although we will be able to listen to it through the BBC app, you can't set your alarm to play from that app and you can't listen to it on more than one device concurrently because Amazon won't allow other organisations' apps to work in that way.The BBC represents almost half of all radio audiences in this country. It is EXTRAORDINARY that the BBC and Amazon would make this decision.  Not only does it seriously undermine the value of the Alexa ecosystem but it also shows how powerless one is with a 'closed' system like Alexa.  If this was Sonos one could access the BBC via multiple alternative channels.Very disappointed.


  Received as a Christmas gift. Worked great until recently when suddenly alexa's voice has gone all fuzzy sounding and music is not sounding as clear as it used to. Looked at and followed the fault finding measures and it's still the same so only thing i can think is the speaker itself has given up the ghost. I could understand if was playing music at full volume 24/7 but the volume control has never gone over half way. Great device, poorly built.


  Started off ok, but gradually providers are denying access to their services. Our multi-room Dots no longer play any of the music stations we listen to, so [for us] they are virtually redundant. A waste of money.  Looks like we're back to using the iPad, Bose and yards of cable or investing in proper WiFi speakers that are built for purpose and not a gimicky toy, like the Alexa group of junk.


  Very disappointed,, she doesn’t pair up with my Alexa 2nd generation, plus when I email the help section on the app,, I don’t even get a reply,, I’ve emailed them twice now for advice, and still can’t be bothered to even reply to me.. VERY DISAPPOINTED.. if you’ve got any issues,, best looking on you tube.. quicker reply..


  This would have been a 5 star review, but if you would like to use your echo to control you Sonos then you are out of luck.The BBC have removed their radio stations from Tune-In, so now if you say"Alexa play BBC Radio Two", it will say "I cannot find BBC Radio Radio Two"If you have the BBC sounds app, it will work, but it will play from its own tiny speaker and not send the command to your Sonos.Sonos can play BBC stations as the BBC have made a few exceptions to allow certain devices to still access their stations.But, as a voice smart activated smart speaker that does not control your internet connected stereo its pretty poor.


  Up until now all has been well with my Ecodot however it now seems to be acting a little strange i.e. the screen image keeps flipping and when on easy listening music it turns itself off as and when it pleases, to say the the least this is annoying, but more annoying is the fact that I CANNOT contact anyone at AMAZON to help correct the PROBLEM.  There seems to be NO customer service or aftersales department.  All or any suggestions would be HELPFUL.Product o.k. (as long as you don't look at it) Customer service no point in looking for it as it seems not to be there. Of course it might just be me who has this issue. Jim s.


  Has very limited language support, does not understand you most of the time, have to pay for a premium music subscription if you wish to listen to spotify, deezer, amazon, google, etc, etc - should allow users to use non premium accounts as most of these now allow them. Overall disappointed with Alexa and would have expected better


  The sound has improved a bit compared to the 2nd Gen that I was never able to bear to use it without Bluetooth speaker. However the improvement is just a little but enough to get over the G mini sound.Hopping will be no need to use a bluetooth speaker attached for better sound I bought 2 to pair in stereo mode.The conclusion is the stereo mode does not worth the price even with the 2 piece discount.Overall there is an improvement in sound and look but also still having bugs.I hate that you can pair the remote with only one  speaker .In stereo pair one device controls the volume of the other, hence on first press the lights is not synced initiallyand sometimes the remote just does not do anything feeling like being in standby mode.Also very annoying feature when you have more than one device in the same room, depending of your position you can have both device or a random device picking up your command.If you have stereo pair and other echo dot you need to say on what device you want to have the music playing or you can end up with the music in the wrong device.Amazon should listen and correct those annoying bugs.


  The echo dot will not stop playing music.The only way to stop is to unplug and plug back in.This is a pretty biggy to me. I may as well play music through bluetooth and my phone.


  Unless you have a very recent tablet or smart phone, you will not be able to install it. There is no reason to have such requirement. Now put back in its box and shoved in the draw with other useless tech.


  cannot integrate with my alexa, properly, my son has been trying to help. It also wont play any bbc radio programmes are getting religious ones instead. In understand there is a problem with this after googling, but it needs to be sorted out soon, not doing what I want with it, so a waste of money in my book


  There's a reason that these are been sold at half price. They are trying to shift the stock of these as they are stopping the updates for this dot and releasing a new model in the near future.


  I have a google one I would say it is a much better one to Alexa. I can’t even listen to music on Alexa unless I pay on Amazon. It sounds so robotic too compared to google’s.


  It does not do searches as good as bixby google assistant as it uses BING YES BING NOT GOOGLE IF YOU USE THIS THING FOR SEARCHES DO NOT GET


  Initially found it difficult to install and kept wanting me to go onto an app wanting more payment!Love having it but found instructions poor


  I just didn't use it so gave them away.


  Not enough songs so I signed up free trial and still not enough songs, tried to link it to my Spotify would not let me do this unless I signed up to the premium ££. Not happy with it ask it to play Amy Winehouse and plays similar songs by other artists ??


  I have the echo and it picks up voice recognition immediately, this one we have to sometimes say alexa 4 or 5 times before it grasps that we are trying to speak to it! Not amused!


  I did not use properly therefore I gave to my grand son therefore my rating will be invalid


  If you can't be bothered to turn on switches then buy this and other smart devices, other than that forget it, still primitive tech for anything other than asking basic questions


  Our echo is really good but the last few days she has been playing very creepy music when we have not asked her to like in the middle of the night in dead in the morning .??!!!


  Be aware unless you subscribe to either amazon prime or music the dot will be a very basic but expensive speaker within your home.


  Nowhere near as versatile as the cheaper 2nd gen Echo Dot. Proprietary charger required so can't be powered from any decent powered usb source....For this reason alone it's a NO from me. How can you take over the world if you can't use USB ?..... what an epic fail Amazon..


  I HAVE ALEXA AND DOT.  WHY HAS THE DOT STOPPED TRANSMITTING RADIO 2.  Its most frustrating as this was purchased for radio listening.


  Not working in south country.It’s a very nice product but not working in these country.


  Amazon music dosent have half the songs I like bcuz I don't want the premium


  Didn’t seem to have answers to questions i asked for  sound good  really don’t usegood


  It's good


  Good little device


  It's ok but it is defiantly not worth the upgrade from gen 2


  When I first received the device I was unhappy as the American voiced Alexa could not understand English command like open BBC. However thanks to excellent technical support from Amazon the issue was soon resolved by resetting the language. The sound quality could be better.


  We listen to the radio all day every day and we bought this Echo to replace our radio in the kitchen. It seemed to work ok for the first few days (we've only had it a couple of weeks) but now it drops the programme all the time. This is very frustrating and I can only think there is a fault somewhere, although a quick check on the internet suggests other have had the same problem. I intend to return it for a replacement and see if that fixes it.


  Could not get it to work. The person who bought it for me has one , they even tried to set mine up but nothing.its back.in the box


  The speakers build up a lot of dust which can be quite annoying to clean. Other than that it’s ok


  Not as responsive as the bigger echo I have. You can’t play the same radio station at the same time by saying “play (radio station) everywhere”. And just in general about the Echo’s, they never have the answer you want as she “doesn’t understand” or “don’t know that”. Needs work


  There is a problem with the Speaker, crackling.


  I have had constant problems with Alexa not recognising instructions, taking me to the wrong app (tunein or spotify or amazon) and defaulting to American radio stations or podcasts.  It is very basic, I had expected more.


  Poor connectivity to Apple Music, Alexa app is just designed for Amazon products and makes it difficult to use apps you want to use. Speaker itself is great just a shame it’s not more versatile.


  Not impressed you have to pay£3.99 a month for music  that’s okFor a 2nd device £9.99Do not understand why


  Voice control is poor. Answers with totally different subjects. Gets dirty very easy and stains. Not as good as the google home!


  Can't get it to work. Works only when playing music from phone


  couldn't down load anything sent it back.


  Not very helpful .


  Great


  Poor sound


  Its capabilities are limited if you have not got lightbulbs etc that work with it. Linking to fire TV partially successful but easier to uae remote. Glad did not pay full amount


  After 10 months the device takes ~2 seconds to wake after you say the wake word. This makes it feel rather old. Also don’t use multi room audio. It will randomly play in both rooms even though you asked to play in one. This has woken me up many times when music is played in the other room. Support isn’t great, typical “have you tried turning it off and on?”, “have you tried resetting it?”. I’d avoid this if you need something to do multiple room audio and/or want something to feel as fast as you got it from day one.


  I have bought one that’s amazing the grey but the pink keeps nit working and loosing connection very disappointed


  Whole point of getting a speaker is to be able to move around with it. In this generation making something that isn’t wireless is literally the most ridiculous thing ever. Spend money on the speaker and then spend more on a portable charger just to be able to move around with it. Waste of money. Better off buying literally any other speaker out there because this ain’t it.


  Own a google  speaker.  It recognises my voice says good morning in person to me etc recognises every  local radio station in scotland.. if unplugged takes up to 1 min to synchronise..Alexa  takes over 40 mins after been switched off ( I switch all electric goods off at night )  saying  having a problem understanding at moment please try later. .Does not recognise any of the big  scottish local radio stations.Alexa often says I do not have the answer to that just now ..despite what reports are saying .. the google speaker I found far more superior to alexa.  Disappointed. .

