
  DIDNT WORK, RETURNED THEN NOT REFUNDED BY AMAZON,


  The phone is great but be aware of few sellers. Many of the Iphones sold here with replaced screen,camera or some other parts. You wont normally notice until you compare with other genuine one. If you have bought one, I strongly recommend you to double check.


  Buyers beware. Really disappointed. Faulty speakers and people can’t hear me talk! What’s the point?!


  I have always been sceptical of refurbished tech products from any provider. However, like many others on here, due to it being backed by amazon with a years warranty, I thought I would give it a punt as my parents desperately needed the upgrade. It is important to note at this point, if you're not already aware, this product is not sold by Amazon. The warranty is backed by Amazon but it is from a third party seller. I looked further into my seller and it turned out to be a one-man company based in London.At face value, the phone looked to be in mint condition. No scratches or blemishes on the outside of the phone. When I turned the phone on it was on half battery and booted up just fine no problems, all good so far. It was from here that things started going down hill. It was immediately obvious when setting up the phone that the pixel response time was complete off. There was, what looked like, a motion blur effect when typing and swiping through options. The display was really washed out with barely any contrast, drained colours and very poor brightness. The iPhone 5c that I had bought this iPhone 8 to replace, had already had it's screen replaced by myself (at the low price of £20) only a few months earlier and even this was better than the one on the new phone!I then took it outside to take some photos, hoping that it might just be my eyes playing tricks. This also returned very poor results. Again, comparing to the 5c, when taking the same photo on both phones and zooming in, it was apparent that the quality was worse. There was no Optical Image Stabilisation and after looking at the position of the camera in the lens on the back it was clear that this had been replaced poorly.I sent this item back the same day. I was very happy with the customer service from this point however. The seller replied to me same day and sent a pre-paid shipping label. I returned the package via the post office around 5 days ago and today received a notification that I had been granted a full refund.Overall, don't waste your money or your time. I'd recommend a brand new iPhone 7 sold by Amazon. Only £50 more (at time of writing, may be less now as the new iPhone SE has just been released). This has a bigger battery and practically everything else is identical. I did this and it's been great! (It is also compatible with the newest version of iOS if that's a worry of yours)


  Ordered this phone to replace a lost iphone. Is advertised as new but when I tried to set it up it said it was under remote monitoring of a company called 'cityfibre limited' and required a login to authorise access to the phone. This device was clearly an old work phone. It would also not accept my Virgin Media SIM as it was not unlocked.Extremely disappointed. Will not buy items like this from amazon again.


  This phone goes through roughly five-day periods of not charging at all, and every time I attempt to contact the company regarding this (bearing in mind that the product supposedly comes with a '12 month guarantee' and I bought it in August 2018) they do not reply. Do not buy from this company.


  Within a day of receiving the phone the Touch ID stopped working and wouldn’t click so now I’m having to currently use it with the accessibility assistive touch from the home and lock screen. I’ve paid money for a new phone and have a faulty one very disappointing. Could possibly be a refurbished phone and not a brand new one!


  Ever since I’ve got this phone had a problem with it keeps on freezing not working speaker not working sold me a damaged phone


  Phone was overheating and freezing constantly.


  At first fall, few centimeters, the screen was broken. Very bad quality. Never happened with my other iPhones. This will be my last iPhone!


  didnt work


  Had this product since 24 of April and it don’t charge unless it’s turned of, and only charges to 37% biggest waste of money I’ve ever done.


  The phone gets too too heated after even a small use. No gaming etc but even basic video calling


  this phone has never work correctly since preshurcing from you this is very disappointing it need replacing!


  Do not buy anything from the vendor. Product barely worked and was completely unusable within a month.


  Don't buy from seller phone was not uk standard.


  phone did not work properly. .and too slow battery life was not good..


  After 3 months the phone stopped eorking


  Not fit for purpose


  This phone is in poor condition and not as advertised


  It was not unlocked - I couldnt put my sim card in! Really annoying!


  This was a scam!


  No earsphon


  Iphone’s screen does not working well...


  The iPhone came without the iPhone box; without warranty and on top of that the phone is locked EE.  It wasn't mentioned nowhere!


  Don't waste your money on this it can  barely run any games glitches out all the time and is way too expensive it's better to get the samsung galaxy s9 the s9 has way better graphics can handle games way better and Is more durable and CHEAPER this phoneis not worth 400 quid


  not uk model, wrong charger, scratches at the back off the phone


  When it arrived the screen was not working as expected


  Received a empty Samsung s8 box without the phone inside very disappointed


  I bought this phone for my wife's birthday , the phone has gone faulty in less than a month ! Very disappointing ☹️


  I am beginning to find that the IOS controls and configurations are getting increasingly and unnecessarily convoluted and complicated, and therefore counter intuitive and counter productive. The ios system has become somewhat unergonomic. Try to find the display illumination settings! The latest update of ios 13.1.2 has made things even worse with unnecessary or irrelevant tweaks. Try accessing a photo’s metadata or try the edit function to correct a word without having to re-type the entire word for instance. It’s insane to have introduced so called productivity “improvements” to simply frustrate the user. Try correcting a word! The same is true for apps where ios selections such as the ios volume bar conflicts with the app’s selection buttons. Removing/deleting an app has just become so counter intuitive. And google email?! After the ios upgrade it has been infested with spurious bugs. One of the most frustrating issues however is the keyboard. The accuracy of letters being typed has degraded significantly. And why has the magnifying glass been removed? And why the text/letter insertion point has become so clumsy? Try correcting a word with ease!. All in all, rather dissapointed and will be switching to Android soon.PS. And here are some of the many comments in community forums about the ridiculous scroll grab function added in IOS 13. [Hi everyone, I just updated to iOS 13 and the scrollbar scrubbing is driving me crazy][This is quite possibly the WORST "feature" ever][Apple added this scroll grab function with IOS13. For me it’s a nuisance]NOTE:  My purchase was not made in Amazon and the purpose of my review is to share my own personal experience for information only.


  This iphone lokcs on the first sim you use.


  New phone ordered Friday, arrived Tuesday, and appears to be genuine and new, happy with all that. However after opening I noticed a sheet in the package stating that the phone will work with any network but once a SIM card is inserted the phone is then forever locked to that network, going on to say that if you are not happy with that then send back for full refund. That information should be in the description before purchase not a surprise on opening. And in any case I had already opened the phone. That is not what is generally understood by 'SIM free' and the answers to the questions that have been asked do not mention this locking so definitely deliberately holding back information. Nul points from me.


  con


  My first (and last) iphone: a lot of money for the most overrated phone! Average hardware specs with very limiting (& spying) software. Buying this iPhone makes you really feel like an iDiot. If you are looking for quality without the (many) apple software limitations and extortionate price then do yourself a favor and buy an Android.


  I don't like the color rose gold. I searched whole phone to find gold color, which I didn't find. I am very frustrated and annoyed with this rose-noGold. And no-apple too.


  First phone lasted only a couple of months before starting to go faulty. First screen kept flashing, then the earpiece went faulty. Took almost a week to get replacement from the seller.Second handset came, some sort of sim tray fault. Absolute waste of time, went and got one from the high steet at full price instead.There was zero apple warranty with telephonesonline. Its their own in house repair so I would certainly think twice before purchasing especially if you value your time.


  This item had to be returned to the seller as it was as not advertised - it was described as unlocked to any network but the phone was locked to EE who were unable to assist in unlocking it as I was not the person who orignally took the contract and I was unable to use it - given the runaround - very frustrating


  The phone I received is out of order. Microphone and speaker, that is, the phone doesn’t work! It opens very slowly and has many issues, obviously reşated to the motherboard.I bought it during a touristic visit in UK, and don’t know how to return it back!


  total crap packed up after two months!!!


  What good can I said about this phone, well the iPhone 7 comes certify water or splash proof something I disagreed, some days ago my phone felt on the sink and unfortunately broken up I’m trying to recovery with rice techniques... but I have doubts about it the phone start flashing on apple logos and seems not turn on... the device not water proof or splash proof is made by cheap material and cannot give the protection that they wish for shame on apple selling product very expensive and not lasting longer...


  Very dissapointed. Product poorly described, as it only says SIM free but it is actually locked EE. That information should be disclosed before buying the product.


  Not worthy of consideration when there are much better phones available at lower prices now. OnePlus 6T or Pocophone F1 ae decent alternatives that beat this old thing out of the park. If you want to pay 2019 prices for a 2015 device get this!


  Doesn't have audio jack. Cannot use supplied headphones when the phone is on charge without buying additional accessories. Accessories are overpriced.


  unfortunately the SIM was not supported ,,What should i do now ?


  OK


  You cannot charge your phone and use your headphones in the same time . Poor designers


  This phone is the biggest load of garbage I've had. All that's this phone does is freeze, turn off and won't come back on after. And when It eventually comes back on after it turning itself off, it takes ages to come back on. I genuinely wouldn't buy this, I'd wait for the iPhone 7s or iPhone 8 to come out. You might get a better quality phone then.


  Do not buy rejected phones from apple! they are fraud garbage!


  Falsche Kopfhörer und w-lan Funktion hängt

