
  This phone is great and the price is fantastic. Sadly there's an issue with the power button.It's recessed into the body of the phone and makes clicking it difficult. Attached photos to compare it to the volume buttons.As you can see the volume buttons stick out more compared to the power button. Sadly will have to return for a replacement.Other than that it's a fantastic phone and looks just like new.Update 18/05/2019 - replacement device has come. Display has a crack on it!Returning both. Recommend buying brand new.


  The product was in perfect condition , boxed well and came with charger and generic wall adapter. My only concern when purchasing was that the battery health would be around 80% but I was pleased to see it was at 97% however this may differ from purchase to purchase.


  I don't usually leave reviews but we received this phone yesterday and it is in absolutely immaculate condition, it is as good as brand new. The battery we were very lucky with as it charged to 100% and it also ended up coming with another set of headphones (plus charging equipment and warranty). We cannot find a single fault and it saved an awful lot of money compared to buying this phone from new. Couldn't ask for anything more!


  After my last iPhone died when going swimming then being left out in the sun, I decided on a reconditioned phone. A bit of a gamble to be honest as I've always gone and bought sim free iPhones new at great expense when a replacement is needed. This one is like new.. No scratches, no scuffs, no wear and tear and no sign of previous use. It's like unboxing and setting up a brand new phone whilst saving hundreds of pounds.So far it's excellent and nothing at all to notice between a used and new phone. This has changed my ways of going straight to Apple or a high street shop and emptying my wallet into their pockets for a brand new one.Top marks.


  Great overall product, looks like new with no marks or scratches! Only issue is that the Apple Pay doesn’t work which is really annoying as I used my old phone a lot for this! I’ve updated the wallet app etc but the phone doesn’t register when a card reader is nearby. Apart from that, I’ve had no issues with the product or delivery!


  Hardly notice any difference between the refurbished and the new one, It comes in a nice packaging, just missing headphones which weren't promised anyways.


  The phone got here super fast. There’s no scratches or any other signs of use I charged it this morning at 11 it’s now 11:32 pm and it’s on 81% which is amazing considering my old phone would be at 44% by middayI would really recommend it’s a great product x


  This was brought for my son as upgrade to his old phone, the phone arrived really quick and open on package I was well pleased with quality of phone as it was refurbished I thought it might have some marks, but no it was great, battery life was normall for iPhone, only thing is that he had too buy new headphone as one from his old iPhone never fitted, but all in all great phone for price.


  Was really disappointed about this purchase. As soon as it arrived, the touch screen was defective, not working and freezing constantly. When i had the screen replaced i was told by the repairer, that the cables on the iphone motherboard were not connected properly and that there was no permanent fix. Unfortunately, despite getting my screen replaced,  the phone screen continued flickering. I tried literally everything, changing my settings but nothing seemed to work. Today, i go to apple store to get an upgrade. Apple said i couldn t trade in my phone as the serial number was not working. I was really upset after finding this out, felt conned, to say the least.  From my own personal experience, this phone is not worth the money at all, you are better off spending a little bit more money, for a higher quality phone.


  I’m sure that if you get a working phone, everything’s great.The battery was reporting 100% health, but it would conk out after about 10 minutes use, reporting a recharge required.Took it to the Apple store, and they said the phone had never been taken for repairs to an Apple store since it was bought in Memphis. They also could not repair it as it was reporting 100% battery health, so was likely a logic board issue.Still waiting on the refund, been over a week now :(


  The pros on this phone is the big storage space it has (256GB), wireless charging and the home button.The minor point is it doesn't have a headphone jack (but this started on the previous iPhone 7) so it's not really a big deal.The purpose of this was to have touch ID and not Face ID. Highly recommended if you are not ready for face ID and the full gesture navigation.


  I was very skeptical of buying a refurbished iPhone online. But everything works superbly! Sound is great, touchscreen controls are fine, camera works great. Everything works great! Would definitely recommend. I could have paid £599 for this iPhone at the apple store, but paid £370 for this! It’s exactly the same.


  The handset arrived in a generic box with a branded (not Apple) charger as per the description. The handset itself is in what I would describe as an almost immaculate condition, showing only very slight signs of use. The battery shows 100% capacity and holds an excellent charge. All functions of the handset are perfect, so despite my initial concerns that the battery may be bad or there would be some other problem, I have absolutely no complaints.


  Ordered an iPhone 8 from Amazon Renewed - this particular unit came from Gadget-Store.  I’ve ordered renewed before so expected small scratches, some loss of battery health, but the handset I received looks brand new.  I checked it over under bright lights and can find no scratches or marks at all, even at the corners.  Checked battery health and it’s 100%.  If it hadn’t come in an unmarked box (as advertised) I’d have thought it was a brand new phone.  Either this was a well looked after handset, or Gadget-Store go above and beyond in their refurbishment, either way I would definitely use them again.


  Purchased this iPhone 8 as an 'Amazon Renewed' product by a verified seller.Phone was sent by tracked Royal Mail delivery with tracking number.Delivery was excellent and arrived before expected date. ( This was a great help because it was required ASAP ) ... Top Mark's all round for packaging as well. Box was marked with IMEI number  phone was enclosed in a sealed jiffy bag in box along with connecting lead.Now, as for the phone ...This is a renewed product and has far exceeded our expectations as we thought there might be some very slight evidence of previous usage.But no! Phone is absolutely 'Mint'Totally like brand new just out of box. ABSOLUTELY DELIGHTED!I took a lengthy time to check every part of screen, edges, upper, lower and back of this item and its immaculate.Set up was faultless.Phone charges quickly, I am using a charging pad, but charging cable is also working as it should be.I am unable to rate the battery at this time because I've only had this item less than 12 hours, but hopefully it will be fine. ( Phone charged to 100% very quickly ).Backed up with a full 12 month warranty I consider this to be a great purchase of a quality phone.Top marks to seller. Fab service.


  This was my first experience purchasing a renewed device and if I’m honest I was a bit nervous about it, I did my research and decided that Amazon Renewed was the best way to go and I am so happy I did. I ordered the iPhone 8 (64GB) in gold and when it arrived it was in an unmarked box and included an unbranded charging cable which is exactly as expected as I’d read all the details before ordering but what wasn’t expected was the condition of my renewed phone. It was in pristine condition, not a mark in sight and when as suggested I checked the maximum capacity of the battery health it was 100% and it also comes with a 12 month warranty. I am absolutely delighted with my purchase. If you’re considering a renewed iPhone for the first time, I highly recommend it.


  Looks good on the outside as much as new but that's about it. NO NETWORK! Imagine a phone which you can't use to make/receive calls or data network! I desperately tried all the settings as couldn't believe I would recieve such a pathetic product from Amazon! Never ever going for a renewed one


  The phone was a poor product and was defective. Despite being advertised as like new, the screen was damaged, and communication from the seller was not satisfactory. It took several attempts to contact them over the course of a week or so, before I had to resort to contacting Amazon to step in, as I wasn't getting a response, in order to be able to return the product. This was particularly disappointing as it was a gift for my Dad for Christmas. I bought a brand new phone elsewhere, and it was worth paying a little extra. I have bought refurbished products before, directly from the manufacturer, and as I trusted Amazon's good name, I thought the phone would be of a similar standard. I was mistaken. I would not recommend a purchase from here.


  Standard cellphone. I have had lots of dropped calls and breaking up of signals. Hard to establish if it is the phone or virgin.


  Worked for 1/2 a day then the screen went!! Disgusted & disappointed a complete inconvenience. Had to return at my cost of postage.Two weeks later and i'm still waiting for a refund.


  I am very satisfied from that iPhone. It works well. Unfortunately there was a mark from following down but it’s not a big deal


  I will start by saying this was my first refurbished phone. I was very sceptical to begin with but must admit I have not been disappointed. The phone arrived in an unbranded box, well packed and without a single scratch on it. On start up I was able to set it up like I would have done with a new phone and immediately checked the battery health, which had and still has 91% capacity. I cannot complain about a single thing. Very happy!


  So far so good!  Time will tell. Prompt. Well packaged. After sales issue of wrong plug resolved easily. No other issues so far. Glad I bought this.


  Before I bought this phone I, I was skeptic about buying refurbished phones. But when I bought this phone, boy was I right! I keep having to press the screen a couple times just to get it to respond to what I want it to do, my screen also keeps flickering quite a lot which is quite annoying and discomforting towards the eyes. Everything else apart from that is perfect, phone actually looks new and fresh too. It’s a shame that you pay for an item expecting it to be sound and all you get Is a faulty one that needs returning. Waste of time to be honest. Buy a new phone. Save yourself the trouble.


  My iphone8 arrived very quickly. Was nervous on opening but just as other reviewers have said: it was well packaged and the phone itself was immaculate - I’d say as good as new! Next: battery charging...give it 45 mins on a proper Apple charger and FULL charge! Yay. Latest: checked charge 5 days later (not using it)  & still very good. This is actually a Christmas present for my daughter who I know will be delighted - but as such unable to comment on functionality as yet. I am hoping it’s as good - and if not, there’s a years warranty to fall back on. Definitely recommend GRADE MOBILE - and will be using them again for a phone for me next!


  As you’d expect off a refurb phone all in working order - Excellent condition.Exactly the same size as my prior 6s modelWhen measured against so, not a bulky handset which is Ideal.It arrived in good time, in perfect condition and setting up for effortless.I have contacted the supplier as it states in the description that it might not come with original apple headphones that you might get a generic pair inside. The original 3.5mm jack headphones won’t work as from the 8 up they use a Charing shaped end for all headphones. Only downside is you can’t charge your handset and listen to music at the same time, unless you buy an iPhone jack. So I’ve ordered every thing I need including Including; hard case, glass tempered protection Covers for Front and back, and 8 compatible headphones which allows me to charge and listen at the same Time - Not your standard 3.5mm jack end anymore. please take note if using iPhone  8.


  I have you admit I was not sure how good the office would be but am delighted to say that in every way it far exceeded my expectations.Screen was unmarked, there were no scratches to the phone body and battery was good. It could have passed as new if it was in original packaging. Had it for a few months now so will gladly confirm I've had no issues with it at all. It's for a14 year old so you can be sure that it's getting a lot of use. I could not recommended this option enough, your get a fantastic condition phone at below market price.If you want to compare descriptions of condition is either A+ or pristine, depending upon which website you would use as a reference. Happy to recommend.


  I bought iphone 8 64 gb - front camera is foggy,blurry does not focussing!Phone turned off by itself on 42% battery and after i turn it on shows 0% empty battery!It havnt truetone!!I held phone in my hands for 10 minutes,and that was enough to be deeply disappointed,there may have been other problems I had not noticed.Highly NOT recommend and think twice before thinking about buying a phone from this seller!!


  So far so good, phone is fully functioning but has been getting pretty hot (hopefully this will lessen) and the battery life is placed at 85%. This wouldnt be so bad but they usually overestimate it since my old iphone didnt have great battery at 95% so not amazingly pleased with that but overall there could be a lot more problems I gueee


  I was a bit sceptical about ordering a renewed phone from amazon but this iPhone has saved me a load of money from purchasing it from the Apple store instead. Battery life came as 99% and  the product came a day early. Very happy with this product.


  iPhone 8 256gb Gold Renewed arrived on as stated and in mint condition. Not in original packaging but no issue as was well packaged & presented. Not a mark on the phone and looked as new and had a screen protector fitted. Battery health as expected for a phone of this age @ 86%. MFI certified charger & cable also provided. No hesitation buying from Supreme Mobile again or recommending them.


  Quick delivery time and kept informed. I dropped a star as first one sent had more superficial defects than expected for nearly new. However free return and a replacement was sent out straightaway so customer care is efficient. Screen was perfect touch screen great. Plug and cable provided were also in good condition. Well packaged. Had the phone for over a month with no problems.I dropped one star for the initial return and the battery life was as promised although not as high as I would have liked at 83%. Overall I would recommend.Amazon uses various suppliers - mine was from Grade.


  Oh my, what can I say!!I was really not sure on buying a phone that was 3rd party. I did so many researches for a week with who the sellers where before Amazon.Having a year warranty makes you take the risk.My phone arrived within 4 days and WOW, it was pristine. The seal was still on the front & back of the phone. I fully charged the mobile and the battery was 100%.I class myself as being very lucky with the conditions and fantastic price of my mobile phone.MOST of all the credit has to go to Amazon.I would highly recommend and buy again.A massive THANK YOU.


  I was a bit nervous about buying a renewed phone online but the reviews looked promising so I went for it. First positive, the phone arrived a day earlier than was stipulated - hurray! The phone didn’t come in a box but was very well packaged for protection, and included a charging wire and SIM card pick. The phone was in excellent condition, not a mark on it! The battery performance is at 96% which is better than my old phone and considering it states in the description that it would be no lower than 80%, I was surprised at how good it was. All the setup went well and the phone is working extremely well. Only a couple of days in but so far so good, would recommend!


  Delivery was swift but the phone was useless.  Siri did not work, FaceTime did not work and it could not make or receive phone calls.  In other words it was useless so it was returned for a refund.Curiously payment was taken instantly but refund took 7 days.


  The condition was like new with clear plastic wrap.  There are no scratches or other blemishes.I have now transferred my backup and all is working 100%The charger is NOT an Apple one and I will not use it as I have Apple chargers here already and always suspicious of non Apple chargers. Don’t want to burn down the house. Having said that it’s probably fine.


  Excellent phone. Costs little more than poor condition private seller examples on auction sites with an Amazon guarantee. Battery showed 100% health. Screen looked new.The only issue experienced was it crashed and wouldn't restart for a few hours after 2 months. But not experienced a repetition of this. So far so excellent.


  After having this phone for less than two months it is nearly unusable due to a suspected third-party battery that has been put into the phone - and regardless if it is third-party or not, I cannot use my phone because of how much it crashes/restarts randomly.


  I’ve only had this phone for a couple of months and I’m already experiencing problems. It keeps saying that my battery needs servicing and it’s not holding it’s charge. Absolute rip off and waste of money. I urge people not to buy this phone. You’ll regret it. I ordered the iPhone 8 but got the iPhone 8 Plus so that was a mix up to start with I could’ve lived with that though. I’ll probably have to buy a whole new phone or pay a lot of money to get the battery replaced on this one. It said it’s been refurbished but obviously to a very rubbish standard. Lesson learned I guess


  Speedy delivery arrived a day earlier than stated, no problem at all to set up 100% battery life does everything it’s supposed to do excellent like a grade A phone looks brand new no scratches or marks. This is the 2nd refurbished phone I have now bought from amazon well impressed would definitely recommend hence 5 stars


  I’m currently writing this review on my renewed iPhone 8 and it has been spot on. Looked great from the outset, struggled to find signs of use (and I tried really hard!) and although the battery life indicator is 85% and I would have liked to see 90-95% I really can’t complain. This is my second renewed iPhone and probably won’t be my last.Don’t be scared of the word ‘renewed’ as they are generally nearly perfect and make sure you have a 12 month warranty.


  Phone was delivered, inside the package was a stethoscope... very confused. Phoned amazon, I had to get a full refund and order the phone again. I was given a £10 voucher and was allowed to keep the stethoscope LOL!Second delivery the iPhone finally came!! Very happy with the phone. Looks brand new, battery life is at 94%.. very happy customer.


  Apple iPhone 8  64GB Silver, purchased through the Amazon Renewed/Reconditioned scheme and fulfilled by Buyur.In contact prior to purchase, immediate and full response received back.Phone arrived a day prior to estimated delivery date. In generic box without earphones, but with Apple adapter and cable, and SIM pin.Phone spotless, 98% - yes - 98% battery life. Basically indistinguishable from a brand new retail product, just less earphones and a couple of hundred pounds less, so overall just excellent. In other words, the difference is £200 for a pair of earphones and a coloured box.Would I repurchase from seller? YesWill I repurchase from seller? Will be doing so


  Being clumsy with phones (dropping & smashing screens) and not wanting to enter another 24 month contract to pay for a new one, I chanced it with this reconditioned iPhone 8. I had an iPhone 8 already so knew it would work for me as it does all the basics I need. I am so glad I did! Not only did it arrive before expected (bonus as the phone I had was completely kaput), it works perfectly, battery life is absolutely fine....screen working well. I ordered a tempered glass protector to try and save this screen for as long as possible too. When my contract ends next week I will be ordering a sim only contract with a much cheaper provider. Well worth the purchase!


  Great phone. A birthday treat for myself. Set it up the same day. I expected it to be good as new because that’s what the word “renewed” implies. But it came with several little scratches and dents on the case and screen. Wasn’t thrilled to see the screen crack the very next day, either. Luckily, the crack is on the lower edge, barely noticeable, and I got a shockproof case for it in the meantime. I’m happy with it overall.


  We purchased two of these iPhone 8 64 gb. My wife needed an upgrade and my daughter wanted one too. We where initially sceptical about the until they arrived. On ordering the phones we where told that delivery would be up to one week. But really impressed by the next day delivery. The phone came in a box, not original packaging, supplied with new charging cable and 3 pin adapter. Set up was easy as always with Apple devices. So far 10 days in we are happy with purchase. Both of  The phones purchased where  immaculate as expected. I would use this company again.


  Only received the phone this morning but I have to say so far I am very impressed. The phone looks brand new with no marks on it at all. All the buttons seem to be working fine and it has 92% battery life. I did not get any headphone in the box. I guess time will tell if the phone is ok but early impressions are very good, it has saved a lot of money on buying one new! thanks.


  Got exactly what we expected, came with a charger, no marks or scratches and battery health was still 95%


  very happy with this, first time i have bought a refurbished product from amazon, and an i phone none the less!battery is perfect, no marks or scratches, no big problems at all,only issue is the screen does not register touch well at the bottom of the screen. i assume when it was refurbished it had the screen replaced. still works perfectly fine, so not unhappy. and the price is very good considering


  Like the phone, arrived without issue, however the phone has a charging fault and can’t calibrate battery level when fully charged snd keeps restarting for several minutes. The response from the supplier was very fast but the solution of returning the phone reset with no data is unacceptable as it makes restoration of a replacement quite tricky. I can live with the fault for the time being (I am travelling for a while)


  I brought two iphone 8’s  for Christmas presents my foster children and was a bit disappointed to find they came in one boxI was hoping they would of come individually boxed so they could be nicely wrapped ,if I had brought them at separate times they would of come in there own box and I also could of received two £5.00 rewards for writing a reviewNormally customers get rewarded for spending more money with a companyThe phones seem to be perfect and the condition is faultless however not sure on there how well they work as they will not be used until Christmas Day.If a few simple things had been done I would of give a 5 star rating


  Apple iPhone 8 64GB (renewed). Arrived earlier than expected, and was perfect, not a scratch, mark ,dent anywhere. All works perfect, and battery at 100%. Did not arrived in original box as I expected and came with charger and cable, all well packed. I feel I have had a fantastic buy, (bargain). Personally I would recommend these phones to anyone if you receive one like mine.


  We are sending this back. We have owned it for four days and the screen has jammed and we cannot turn it off and on. It seemed to be a good job and within a few days we realised that it does not work and was a bad buy. So disappointed!


  The arrived a day early, I was pleasantly surprised to find both charger and cable but when I looked at the IPhone , it was like NEW, not a mark of any kind, absolutely pristine and after charging I checked the battery health and found it to be 99%.Showed to my wife, she said she could not tell it from a new unused phone.


  The phone came in perfect condition (outside). The battery health was at 100%. So far quite satisfied. BUT, the phone had lots of issues. It would turn on and off 5 times in a minute by itself. Would die at 80% of battery. Impossible to charge it back. So overall the phone was in perfect condition on the outside, but wasn’t working efficiently. I guess it was just bad luck for me, I am not mad at the seller or amazon. Customer service was great for both. I bough an iPhone 6 on amazon as well 3 years ago and I am so happy with it. I returned this iPhone 8 and got a full refund the next day.


  My son loves it, works well, in excellent condition, even though it’s second hand. The battery life is still good, lasts all day. The iPhone arrived well packed and in good time. Very happy.


  Seems to be an absolute bargain so far. Arrived within a day shrink wrapped with cardboard in the headphones and the charger. I dont think it had been opened and saved me from spending £600 at the apple store


  The iPhone 8 I chose was refurbished by IT TRADE. It arrived in very good, clean condition (immaculate screen) and works like new. A bit disappointed my battery health is at 86%, but it lasts better than the awful iPod Touch I had. Overall, a great bargain purchase and I am usually weary of buying used/refurbished devices.


  Phone turned up early and there is not a mark on it, battery quality on the phones states it’s at 100%Brilliant I am made up with my purchase, it comes with a charger and what appears to be a genuine new apple charge lead, the charger is not a genuine apple one though but I use wireless charging anyway,


  The phone worked perfectly fine for the first week and now the home button has become exceptionally sensitive completely gone haywire. I cannot even take a screenshot and have not been able to get in touch with the seller. Please contact me regarding a replacement. This phone is not fit for purpose.


  The iphone is in perfect condition, was worried as was for a gift, I can’t fault it, great value for money. Turned in on, no scratches or marks that are visible. Looks brand new. Very carefully packaged.All looks good, only turned it on 10 mins ago, so still going through the setting etc, but not come across any issues.  I am very pleased. Would buy definitely again from this company, but wouldn’t have the worry next time. Thank you IT TRADE.


  This phone for the price you pay is a steal!  Battery health is 100%. No visible signs of use. Came with a generic super fast charger and cable. I would definitely recommend the seller. Phone came within a few days.


  Bargain for money. Like a new iPhone 8


  I bought a IPhone 8 a month ago and the screen is obviously a cheap one as I put it down on my table before eating and cracked the screen even though it had a tempered glass screen protector on it which was not damaged. The screen cracked instantly and I didn’t even drop the phone. Not impressed with the quality of the screen and should not have cracked with a screen protector on. Also battery life is very poor.


  Ordered this product for the free two day delivery as I needed to replace my current broken phone as soon as possible. The order was placed Friday morning but I did not receive the phone until Thursday the next week, meaning I had to deal with a broken phone for longer than I had hoped. So far the phone seems good, came with 88% battery health.


  For the first couple of months the phone was fantastic, however I was disappointed with the fact that the LCD had gone after only 3 months. I had to pay £69 to get it fixed which is not something I was overly happy with. When I read the information about the phone It said it was in perfect working order. This wasn’t the case which is why I am disappointed


  Brilliant phone.  Immaculate condition you would never know it had been used.  Started up straight away and I transferred the sim from my old phone.  Bought it from Amazon because of the one year guarantee.  No regrets a really good way of upgrading your phone.  Well done Amazon


  Everything was fine about the phone except for the fact that the rear camera would not focus. I originally bought for £380 and after having to return this faulty one, going to purcahse another one it is now £425. This is absolutely disgusting and I will be buying elsewhere.


  You’re never sure what you get when you buy renewed.  However, this looked like a brand new phone. Only had it up and running for a couple of days but everything seems good. Bought off amazon as wanted reassurance of the amazon guarantee. So yes, very pleased with my purchase.


  The screen stopped working on mine, I popped into an Apple to store to get a price for replacing the screen. I was informed that the front and back were not Apple, neither were the aim card tray or charging port, and that it was likely a cheap fake. I thought I'd be getting a genuine product, just reconditioned, not a knock off.I've made contact with the seller but had no response so far. I wouldn't buy another from here.


  The phone was in great condition when it arrived and I’ve never really had any major problems with it. However, after looking into it I realised the phone must have been refurbished from Japan/China as I can not turn off the camera shutter sound which is very inconvenient


  I bought two Space Grey iPhone 8 256GB - one of them had a battery life of 90% and the other 99%!!!! Arrived in pristine condition with no visible scratches or marks (though not in original packaging). Came with a third-party plug and cable, SIM tray pin plus a 1 year warranty. Very happy with purchase so far and can't fault the fast delivery either!


  This turned up with absolutely no faults, cosmetic or otherwise. I'm so pleased with my purchase.


  It was bought as an Xmas present for my son but he upgraded his other phone so I had to send it back unfortunately, it was in pristine condition and worked fine, I had no problems sending it back and getting a full refund, can’t comment on battery life as it wasn’t here long enough lol


  I know it says that batteries are 80% or more, but I maybe expected it to be a little bit better, iPhone batteries basically have to be replaced at 80% anyway, so it coming at 85% was sort of annoying, since I'll have to get it replaced in the soon enough future. Apart from that the phone was great, it was in almost new condition (no scratches or anything), but haven't had it long enough to firmly say anything about it yet.


  This is the first time I have not bought a brand new phone so was a little sceptical. How wrong I was ! It’s impossible to tell against a new one . No marks and operates 100%. Very happy indeed especially to get it at the price I did.


  Received phone and screen Had obviously been changed in the past and replaced with a cheaper non Apple version as whites are nowhere near as white as mine used to be and the greens are horrendously over contrasted. Shame as rest of the phone was pristine grade A


  It has good memory (256). It is for my personal use. I am happy with my purchase.


  It doesn't work well. Its screen came with some problems like, starting to write by itself and seems having some short circuit.I sent the seller an email talking about this and I didn’t  receive even an email back. I demand a replacement or a refund, but since I sent them that email days ago, I don’t know what’s going to happen.


  Great! After my last phone broke I was faced with spending hundreds for a new iPhone or “chancing it” and getting a second hand reconditioned one. I needn’t have worried. The phone arrived a day earlier than promised and it’s in mint condition. The battery charges all the way and retains its battery life well too. I would recommend


  No complaints at all. The phone arrived the day after ordering. Came with a USB charger cable and plug. Looks brand new. Pity it didn't come with any instructions but as good information is available on line this is only a minor point.


  I ordered an Iphone 8 when my previous model packed in, it arrived same day in absolutely perfect condition. I am blown away by the quality of the phone. There is not a scratch or mark on it, the battery is miles better than any previous Iphone I have owned (from actual Apple shops) and I can't find one single fault. The price is also brilliant for the amount of memory included. Unbelievably impressed with the service! I would definitely recommend ordering from this company and would not hesitate to order from them in future!


  Phone arrived quickly with no signs of damage - seems to be working fine.  However no plug was included and it was dirty.  Surface was smudged, there was dirt around the power button and the microphone/speaker holes were clogged. Cleaned up with an alcohol wipe and a toothbrush to get the dirt out but it’s a shame it couldn’t have been done properly before sending out.Would have sent it back but was in urgent need of a phone.Hopefully it will be reliable.


  Bought for son as broken old one and needed upgrade the phone was fast delivery andin perfect condition no sign of use at all. Been used now for 5 months and stillno issues and battery life great, really good seller


  Superb quality, item arrived well packaged with*authentic apple* plug and charging cable.. you usually get rubbish accessories from other sellers. The red is really vibrant and the whole phone was spotless, really looks like a brand new phone.. Amazing buying experience, thanks


  Camera stopped working after a couple of weeks, repaired at Apple shop. Stopped working again, lose connection, now working ok. Made a claim via CPS warranty service, took many weeks, claim refund did not include tax so only received 80% of repair cost. Not great


  I have received it in two days from when order it. The condition is immaculate! I am not into the technology, but looking into the settings, the battery life is great and even the storage space. The only downside ( maybe is my lack of knowledge), It doesn’t want to load some apps from the App Store.


  This product was faulty. After one month of owning it, the phone started shutting down every week or so and would not turn back on even if you tried all of the usual restore/reset methods. It would then then randomly turn itself on again many hours later (sometimes it would be dead for over 24 hours) I would avoid buying from this seller.


  This phone is very good value for moneyIt's re-newed condition is excellent it looks feels and works like brand new...Plus it arrived two days earlier than the said delivery date


  95% power level of the battery, not bad at all on this level. Look new, no scratches or any damages at all on the surface of the phone. Good stuff.


  To whom it may concern,I bought this phone a couple of months ago for my daughter. Everything was great with it until a couple weeks ago when we were having a problem with the phone service. We called the network and figured it was due to the sim. They sent a replacement sim and everything was great. But now we are having the same problem with a new sim. We called the network and they said it must be the phone which is not working. I would like a replacement sent out.Thank you,Lynne Solomon


  Unlike other sites, Amazon does not have the renewed phones grades as A,B etc. I took a chance due to the Amazon guarantee and was pleasently surprised to receive a phone in mint condition - no scratches or blemishes. It would have passed as a new phone but for the packaging.I found through the serial number that the phone was manufactured 2.5 years back. Whether it stayed in a box for a very long time or someone looked after it so well is impossible to tell but its fantastic overall.


  I've given this refurbished iphone 4 stars out of 5 because it will not back up when plugged into the mains as it should so I back up to itunes on my laptop. Definitely worth buying a refurbished phone from Amazon.


  Got this phone next day delivery. The phone was immaculate, the same you would expect if you bought a brand new one and just took it out of the box , battery health check on 100 percent and ready to set up with your own Apple ID! Would recommend to anyone if there all the same as the one I received , price was a bargain aswell taking into account the condition of the phone


  Perfect for the wife, arrived very well packed with brand new Lightning cable. Fired up immediately, restored it from back up & all in full working order. All good with excellent after sales.


  This product was faulty when it arrived.  I returned it and I still have not received a refund !I have chased this many timesPlease let me know a telephone number where I can discuss this with somebody as soon as possible


  When the renewed phone arrived I was really pleased to see that the battery was at 100% health and looked like new.  Unfortunately, the microphone wasn't working properly - intermittantly working on calls, loud static on voice memo etc.  Will be returning it.


  This is great value - delivered far quicker than the timescale given in the ad.  Phone is great - very high capacity and works a treat.  Perfect condition too.  I would definitely recommend this phone


  Purchased the phone, set it all up and a day later the phone had issues with software: was advised to take it to apple. I was told there that the phone had been written off by an insurance company 12 months previous and should never have been sold. I have all a paperwork and information to prove this from apple directly


  If you want a new iPhone I’d get this over the X anyday


  Great value, really pleased....phone arrived, unlocked, looks like new.....had it a week - so far so good!!!  2nd phone we’ve bought from amazon renewed - this one via Digital Red Square,  arrived a day earlier than promised ....Why pay brand new prices? Well done, guys!


  Brilliant value for money. Phone arrived early and well packaged with new charger.Not a mark on the phone was like it had just came out of the box from Apple!!Definitely recommend


  The phone turned up and was in great conditionUnfortunately the charging port was faultyInstead of going through the trouble of having to mess around with sending it back and waiting for a replacement I took it to a local repair shop who fixed it for £9


  I would like to thank KIT Gadgets for selling this item. The phone looks and feels like a brand new phone! I was very skeptical at first but I am so happy that I selected KIT as the store to buy from.


  After some initial trouble, our own fault, we were able to get the iPhone fully functional and my son is very happy with the gift.Thank you for your patience, seller.


  Phone was in new condition no scratches or anything was a little worried at buying a refurbished phone but even got it to 100% battery charge. Only been in use for a couple of days as it was a gift but so far so good


  2nd hand low quality but Very close to brand new iPhone price. Do not play game with this chancer seller and do not trust that fake amazon card inside the parcel . Any problem just contact amazon first. Very happy with amazon fully refund.


  For a refurbished phone; it's immaculate! No scratches, blemishes or marks. Extremely pleased with all of the functions, the smooth, scrolling and large, easy to read display. Quick delivery. Highly recommended 


  The delivery was superfast (1.5 days since the purchase - purchaced from amazon.co.uk, delivered to Estonia).Front and back sides of the phone were covered with screen protectors, which was a nice surprise!But I expected better battery life - checking the battery life it shows that the maximum capacity is only 88% (I know that "Amazon refurbised" guarantees 80% though), but still I wouldn't call it "like-new".But after all - the phone functions well so far!


  Arrived on time and in as new condition. Picking up all my stuff from previous phone (via iPad) was very simple and efficient, except that it didn’t load all my flagged emails shown as such. No problem as they are all on the iPad anyway. So far at least (only day three) a phone that looks, feels and performs as new and so excellent value. Battery life is the only very slight downside but at 87% still very good, charges quickly and lasts a couple of days.


  When the phone arrived it appeared fine either minimal signs of damage. However after I took the phone to Apple they told me that the battery was fake (even though they say they use genuine parts). I sent the phone back and they changed the battery with a new one but they didn’t put the screen back on properly causing it to be lifted from the phone. All of these issues were promised on the page and I would not recommend for anyone willing to take a risk with this as it took me 2 weeks to get my phone back.


  The phone was in perfect condition scratch free like out the box.  Battery life is 93% which isn’t bad but A truthful review Is what you get.  I’d DEFINITELY buy again!


  This product is good although I  encountering problems with the front camera there is a horrible noise in the background when recording a video or video chatting...was very disappointed in this


  I got the phone and the first thing I checked was the battery status, I was surprised to see that health was at 100%.On the outside looks like brand new, excellent experience with this seller.


  This is the second phone I have bought from this company within the space of a week, and the 2nd phone I’m having to send back for being faulty. The 1st phone had a faulty rear facing camera, and this one has a faulty battery, pretty appalled at this.


  Phone received in good time.  Really good condition for a renewed phone. Battery 85%. Will update review in a few months . Update 1st June 2020 .. phone is absolutely fine. No problems so far .. Highly recommend ..


  Battery died after 2 weeks of use. Main issue was the seller agreeing to refond snd not respecting the deal. I Needed to involve amazon customer service, they were very helpful. Would never buy again from the seller


  The phone arrived quickly, a day earlier than expected. It’s in very good condition. The only sign of wear is 2 tiny chips on the top left corner which are hidden by the case. The battery health is 91% which is fine for a secondhand iPhone. It seems to be working as it should so far (had 2 days!). The warranty after 60 days covers labour only. I hope I don’t need to use it!


  My tennis friends and I are all on our WhatsApp and my renewed iPhone 8 is perfect for this.I also have a WhatsApp for our wine club and for news about my latest grandson.Ay aged 74, all this tech stuff is hard to keep up with but with the iPhone, it all is much easier to connect.


  Surprisingly good condition. First one bought for christmas present, arrived quickly and looked great but had an issue with the battery. Returned without a problem.  The second one is perfect. Excellent buy.


  Purchased this refurbished iPhone 8 to replace my iPhone 6s, which has charging issues. Pleased with the quality of the new phone, which seems as good as new. Arrived on time. Would recommend buying from this company


  Delighted to receive this phone and give it as gift.  The condition is really very good, just one small area of damage where a protective case has been fitted - it would have been better to know that in terms of condition. The only down side for me is that it didn't come in an Apple box, although the box it came in was appropriate it lacked that "Tradaarr" impact on opening. Apart from that I'm very pleased.


  Product arrived promptly. But the bottom area of the phone was covered in old gunge, and it absolutely clear that the charging port has not been cleaned.This simply doesn’t add up given the claim of thorough checks. I would take a few scratches on the body, but dirty just isn’t good enough.


  Phone arrived in good condition and with a good decent battery life. Found it slightly over priced, but competitive compared to other sellers


  Received my iPhone 8 -64gb I asked for a phone with a great battery life which I received the phone is in immaculate condition but the camera keeps playing up as well as the sound when others call me they can’t hear me, so disappointed with that and due to that reason I will be returning back the phone.


  I’ve never ordered a “renewed” iPhone as I have always been sceptical however I am very pleased with this purchase from Amazon. The handset itself looks new out of the box, very pleased. The battery health is 83% which I am OK with as Amazon so advise of this. I’ve been using it a few days now with no issues. Happy Happy Happy ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️


  My phone arrived on time and met my expectations in terms of its condition and battery life (91% of new). My only disappointment was that the accessories did not include earphones.


  It arrived and the fingerprint scanner didn’t work from the start. After paying £400 I thought this was absolutely terrible! Another fact was that I only paid for the 64gb and received the 256gb, so I’m just wondering is someone else who paid more than me had received the wrong phone? I wouldn’t buy this again. I would rather get a brand new one. This is why I’ve now bought a new phone due to it.


  Perfect for my son, he passed his driving so i treated him to an iphone, and a renewed one was just as good as a new one but cost a lot less.


  Phone arrived the day before it was due, which definitely was not a problem. Although it came in a plain cardboard box which was not very pleasing everything else about the phone is first class. Five out of five!


  I ordered this phone yesterday with an expected delivery date of 5 to 7 days. The phone arrived today!!! Even though it is a refurbished phone it looks brand new. I cannot see any faults with it at all. My daughter has set up the phone and she said everything she has checked is working perfectly. I would definitely recommend purchasing from this seller again through Amazon.


  Phone arrived in mint condition without a mark on it as the description said.  Very happy as it is a big saving on new price.


  The battery integrity was only just within the stated limits at 88% : adequate but only justCasing etc was no problem


  The phone arrived on time and in excellent condition with no visible marks. It was well packed and protected by plenty of padding. Also included was a new charging cable and a sim tool. The battery charges fully and holds its charge very well.Very happy and excellent value for money.


  I ordered the silver and recieved the pink version, but I’m not too bothered about it. The battery health is at 86% which is pretty decent, and everything works well. It was was very simple to transfer all my files, and the phone itself is in perfect condition. It was even delivered speedily - in eco-friendly packaging, no less! I’m very happy with my purchase.


  Arrived quickly, really good condition with only a couple of tiny marks that are not noticeable unless you really look for them. Battery health above 90%. Very pleased


  As good as new from what I can tell, saved my wifes life after she dropped hers and broke her screen. Very happy indeed


  All looks good screen had a small imperfection but not very noticeable battery is at 88% and buttons and functions work fine


  This phone exceeded our expectations, it was as good as brand new and very easy to transfer everything from our older iPhone to the new one. Very, very pleased with all aspects of our purchase and the price was excellent, thank you very much.


  I was a bit nervous getting a refurb phone,but I needn’t have been.Immaculate condition full battery life and saved me a good bit on a brand new phone.


  I originally brought a renowned i phone but was faulty. So I returned and for an extra £79 brought this brand new


  If it wasn't sold as refurbished iPhone I would have thought it was new. Excellent battery life, no cosmetic market on case or screen. 10 out of 10.


  Came in like brand new with amazing battery. I got it to replace my lost iPhone 7 and it recharges so much faster and the battery lasts longer. Camera a bit better too, but it’s essentially the same phone. Which is good. :-)


  Phone arrived and seemed perfect until faults appeared. The Gadget-Store, as per other reviews regarding faults., refused to fix it on account there were marks on the phone and that it had been dropped. Very arrogant. Phone was 6 months old and cost £267. Reported  to Amazon who are now dealing with it.


  I bought this for my 16 year old son for his birthday and he's really pleased with it.  Good battery life, nice to hold, thin, quality product.


  Very easy to transfer my data from my iPhone 6 to this one by putting the 2 phones next to each other. Product arrived promptly. Very pleased.


  Had doubts so was very surprised to find no damage, marks or scratches anywhere. To top it all battery was at 100%.


  Dont normally leave reviews but wow this phone looks brand new can't see any sign of wear at all. Beautiful colour my 13 year old was over the moon. Would definitely buy again.


  The phone was received very quickly and the condition was great, looked almost brand new.  Charged the phone and set it up as expected, though within 24 hours, the phone completely died whilst using it.  Attempts to charge and reboot wouldn’t work.Phone returned to supplier.


  Was sceptical about how good this phone would be as such a reasonable price but had damaged old phone and needed a quick replacement. Arrived promptly, no visual damage at all, looks brand new! Battery life at 91%. Charged and transferred data across quickly. Really pleased with service and product.Now looking at sending my damaged phone to them - great service!


  I was rather sceptical buying a used phone online. I’m glad I did. The phone (iPhone 8) is in immaculate condition, battery had 100% (probably has been changed), no scratches or marks on phone or screen. Maybe we were just extremely lucky, but my son is very happy. In fact, I ordered another phone for my daughter as well. Highly recommend this seller!


  I bought a used phone but there was no noticeable scratches or ware! battery is great, I've had no issues with it at all. It came on iOS 12.4 so I was able to jailbreak it!


  I dropped it in my first week of having it and broke the back and the phone still works fineThe battery life is not lasting as long as I thought it would


  My I Phone 8 arrived quickly and came with a charger, not an original one but it works perfectly. The phone is in super condition with a good battery life. I will buy from this seller again for sure.


  I fully expected this phone to show up with wear and tear but it looks as good as new and has great performance. Battery life also seems absolutely fine so far.


  Came on time, was well packaged and looked like a brand new one. However, the power adapter looks so cheap like if it was a fake version from Philippines; and that spoiled everything.


  My son wanted an Apple phone for ages but I wasn't prepared to take out a contract or pay the cost of a new one.My son used his birthday money to buy this refurbished one. Looks and works like new.


  Iphone received next day. Excellent condition and easy to set up. Well packaged for delivery.


  The selfie camera didn't work; it just turned black whenever it was used. The battery health was at 87% (above 80% but still not great). Furthermore, the touchscreen lagged a lot. It kind of shaked every time you scrolled and it scrolled very slowly. There were no scratches etc. but it didn't meet my expectations. Arrived swiftly but would not recommend.


  Bought this refurbished, and you wouldn't even know that it wasn't new. Perfect condition.


  I love this phone and I’m still using it to this day and it’s a lot cheaper than iPhone 11


  Something went wrong with the return/refund procedure after a glitch with the phone so I had to wait over a month, but it is now fixed.  Fair's fair, people mess up, but it's all worked out in the end.


  Absolutely delighted with this iPhone it was sold as a renewed item it is in fact in perfect condition and also working perfectly,it came with a screen protector (fitted) and a years guarantee excellent value for money


  This is the second phone we have purchased from Digital Techno.  We are very happy with the prompt service.  The phone was immaculate and perfect condition as per the description.  Very smooth set up and my son hasn't put it down yet.  We will definitely use Digital Techno again for our future phones.  Very happy to recommend them.


  I like it. It is like a new phone with zero scratch or something but the charger is not original (I hope it wont be a problem) and I would like to get a earphone with this phone but still fine.


  It works like new and looks like new, but phone is japanese version. On japanese version you can't shutter off the camera sound, which is really annoying.Except that, the phone is great, has none of the problems with system and does not have any scratches on it.Battery life - 91% , which is ideal.


  I am very pleased. It works, has hood battery life and works as well as the new one I have as my work phone.


  excellent phone to use, very straight forward, very pleased with my purchase.


  Arrived quickly.  Looked immaculate.  Works perfectly.  No problems.  Happy.


  Wow this was much more than I was expecting the phone was immaculate not a scratch on it. 90% battery capacity they promise a minimum of 80% this was much better than I’d expected. Very impressed and great you get Amazon warranty for 1 year too.


  I was very impressed with the speedy delivery, it arrived earlier than I expected.  The phone is like a brand new phone you can't tell it's refurbished.  Came with a box and a charger for the phone. Great price and value for money


  Arrived really quickly. Bit surprised didn’t arrive boxed up, however there was the plug and cable included with phone. All looks good and working well.  Cannot comment on longevity as only been used for few days so far.


  Very happy, excellent condition looks like new. Arrived earlier than expected


  Really happy with the purchase so far. Phone was in perfect condition, battery was 100% compared to my old one that was critical. As I got it on a prime special day it was a great price. This is how I will buy phones in the future!


  Brought the iPhone 8 in Gold, first one had to be sent back as the camera arrived cracked. Seller had excellent communication and happily replaced. I sent the phone back for replacement on a Monday and received new one by Saturday. Very happy with replacement and how quick everything was sorted.


  Very happy with the phone, bought it in a special deal 2 months ago and the phone is as good as new. As is second hand, it doesn’t come in the original case or earphones but the important thing is the iphone works.


  My daughter very pleased with this iPhone. Battery life typical of any apple iPhones


  The phone was supplied in excellent working order. The were a couple of very minor scrateches around the edges but no more than would be expected of a second hand item. Very pleased.


  Bought for my Dad, Dispatch very quick. Looks like a brand new phone, no dent , no scratches.


  Superb!! It arrived like brand new! Zero complaints great value for money


  I bought this phone to my mom and she loved me. Me and my sister already have one of this and we love it! And then the price its amazing, its the best option who want spend less on a iphone


  Battery life not to good apart from that no other issues with it


  Arrived super fast (2 days from ordering it, allthe way to Hungary) in truly great condition!Battery life is perfect, too!Great value, recommend!


  Hey, this is the best product I bought from Amazon.It is brand new and has no scratch.I got it in 4 days with proper packaging and tracking information.However, the only disappointment was I got no earphones with it. Overall, it is amazing and no doubt the dealer is trustworthy.100% Satisfied.


  I liked the idea of IF there was an app to help with the Coronavirus tracking I could get it. My husband is very vulnerable because of his illness.I do wish there were instructions with it just basic instructions would have helped.


  Very happy (so far!) with what I got. Good condition and even arrived a day early


  Wow! For the price it’s in fantastic condition and the battery is 100%! Great seller!


  Phone in brand new condition in perfect working order and arrived early.


  Very fast delivery, arrived before the advised slot... The phone appears to be in perfect condition. The battery condition shows 100%..Arrived with a charger and cable, well packaged and recorded delivery. So far so good, looks like a great cost effective alternative to buying brand new.


  Bought for my wife who had problems with her previous phone.  She is coping much better with this one but is still getting used to it.  No functional problems so far, and she is very pleased.  It has not been tested fully because she doesn't use all the functions, but it seems very good and we have no regrets buying it.


  I love this phone, immaculate condition and 100% battery life. Definitely recommend. I am so pleased with this phone, didn't think the condition would be so good.


  Phone arrived next day, quicker than advertised. Very happy all round. Order 168061


  Great buy at a good price. In excellent condition


  Phone arrived within 24 hours.It was well packaged and protected.Phone is in immaculate condition.Everything I have tried as worked as it should.


  Battery does not hold charge for long. Otherwise pleased with product


  Great phone and food price. Very pleased with service


  Excellent service fantastic product thank you


  The phone is like new. I can’t fault it at all. Great service as it arrived in good time. I think it must have come from America as I had to change some if the settings, but that’s simple to do. So pleased, as I saved a fortune compared to a new phone!


  This came in as new condition, not a single mark on it, battery health was at 88%, really pleased at the price.


  Was looking to upgrade from iP6 and this does the job. There's not many new features and it resembles all the facilities from the iPhone6. But it does allow me to maintain the usual Apple functionality from a slightly upgraded version


  Great phone, excellent condition. Thanks.


  Quick delivery. Love the warranty offer on it.  Touch screen a bit sensitive.  It takes some time to access a few apps on my phone.  But working good for now.


  Good battery life and was well packaged.


  First impressions only as I received it today..Seller was Goodbuytech. Arrived day before expected. Battery rating is 100%. Phone like new except for tiny mark on one corner and it will have far worse within a week.Came with new (not-apple) usb cable & UK charger.


  This was the first time I bought a renewed phone and I was a bit nervous about it, however I've had it for a week now and it seems to be great! The phone looks as good as new and the battery lasts the entire day.  The delivery was also pretty fast. No problems from my end!


  This was bought as a Christmas present and several weeks later all is still running great. If I'd not told the person it wasn't brand new then they'd not know (apart from it doesn't come in an original box of course but that is as stated). Really happy with this purchase.


  Phone was in new condition although I find Apple pay although loaded and ready won’t work I will survive without this, apart from that niggle like a new phone.


  Bought Because My IPhone 7 Had Battery Problems And Wanted An UpgradeDefinitely Worth The Money And Cheaper Than Anywhere Else I Looked With 256GB StorageI Was Able To Transfer Data EasilyCame In 2 Days In The MorningImmaculate Condition With A Pin For The Sim


  Perfect in all areas, very good buy.


  It works really well but battery runs out quickly.


  The phone arrived in good condition, however it arrived with a very faulty battery. The phone would die on 40% then turn back and from a full charge I could get 3 hours use. I sent it back but the refund process has left me phoneless for almost a month now.


  Incredibly happy with the phone I received. Great value for money


  Phone was received nicely packaged, the phone was I excellent condition with no noticeable marks or scratches.Phone is holding charge well so no complaints..


  I Was well happy with this phone until I realised it had no signal and the keys are sticky! :( now I have no phone. I tried everything in the book to get signal including taking out my SIM card  and reinserting it. Very disappointed!


  Grade A condition. Battery health good. Cheaper than I was able to source elsewhere. My daughter was thrilled.


  Super impressed with both the service and the quality of the phone. It arrived within 2 days - immaculate condition, quick and easy to set up everything was how it should be!!! Very very happy and would definitely buy again from this seller when the time comes!! Thank you!


  Used it to match up with my Apple Watch


  In immaculate condition on arrival, you wouldn’t know it was refurbed! Battery life as expected is not amazing but other than that perfect.


  Good value for the money


  All as expected, so far no snags st allGood buyNigel


  Phone is utter junk! Ghosting and sounds like your underwater during a call! Rubbish!


  Very good .. item as described.


  Arrived promptly, in good condition, working perfectly. Delighted 


  Great phone , Bought as Renewed condition, what a great phone in as new condition cosmetically. I would have no qualms about using this seller again, Fantastic.. Thank you.


  Really pleased. Brought for my 11 year old boy. It arrived well packaged and looked brand new. Battery life / charge is perfect. Very pleased


  I've had this phone for 4 months now, upgraded from an iphone 6, and I love it. There's a small dent but it's barely noticeable. Works as well as a new one. It was my first time buying refurbished and I'm sold, cheaper and more environmentally friendly than new!


  Top phone at a low price


  I’m very pleased with it’s arrive in all safe n no damage phone look very good as new and I’m very happy with it so will have to go set up tomorrow thanks  n certain I would recommend to the other good service n great product 


  Love it. No problems with changing info from other iPhone. Value for money and would recommend definitely


  Bought it for my son.It was like new.Great condition


  Very good price.


  It arrived the next day and the phone looked brand new. There is no way you would be able to tell visually. I checked the battery life as It it said it would be 80%+, mine was 84%. Maybe I was one of the luckier customers but honestly I will not be buying a brand new phone again.


  What i expected


  Delivered in perfect condition and still going without any issues.


  Really pleased with my new iPhone which came well packaged and which was in perfect condition. My only criticism would be that it is not gold which I don’t have a problem with but some may.


  Sadly can’t comment on the phone as we received a cardboard box with a charger plug in. No sign of the expected and paid for phone!!


  I received the phone in 1 day delivery as per plan. The phone is in very good state. There is a little mark on it but I considered the issue minor. Very happy with the service I got.Battery seems to run low fast compared to my previous phone.


  Came with 2 cracks on the screen, returned and told no refund as there was no glass in packaging and that phone had been charged. Yes it had been charged as was using phone whilst waiting for phone to be returned. Faulty product and poor customer service


  Very happy with the phone. Immaculate condition. Not a single scratch and battery at 91%. This was the third phone I bought in a week as other two were too scratched up. 10/10 would buy again. Shame it doesn’t come with headphones to compete the package.


  Got for hubby. He loves it and works well.


  Better than I expected. Unmarked exterior, touch screen calibration and touch perfect, battery health over 80%


  Bought this for my son.  Arrived quicker than the expected delivery date but also works perfectly.  Phone is in near perfect condition with a screen protector already fitted when it arrived. Battery life is good.


  The camera frame came scratched but the phone works okay and running alright. Delivery was quick an easy. Came with compatible data charger, pin and wrapped property in a plastic bubble wrap.and box.


  Phone is basically like brand new, no damage to the phone, only slight scuffs on the side but hardly recognisable. Definitely worth the price paid and delivery came a day faster than expected. No problems so far when using the phone. Very very happy!!


  Great phone. Good price very nice condition


  Delivery very quick and phone well packed to avoid damage in transit. Phone is immaculate looks like it’s brand new.Very happy indeed with the purchase has highly recommend 5*****


  The phone is ok, Battery is weak. Probably one of the risks I was aware of. New battery will set me back about 44 pounds.


  I did like the different model, which I enjoyed as a result of the display and new functions as well operating systems


  Really good value and looks brand new. Would purchase from them again.


  Can’t fault the product so far. Quick and easy to transfer my old phone over and it is in perfect condition. Can’t say much about the battery as I’ve only had it one day.


  I received this product with out a working front camera, which has proved to be extremely frustrating. The phone was sold as fully working,but this is clearly not the case, and i've had to deal with the misfortune of losing the option to facetime.


  Thank u xx


  perfect


  Great phone - bought for my mum whose phone broke last week.  Arrived quickly and good as new


  The phone came from Goodbuytech - lots of noticeable scratches to the exterior shell and got hot with minimal use. The clock display at the top of the screen also became distorted during start up so decided to return.


  Really happy with this purchase.Phone is like brand new and in my opinion an absolute bargain.It was delivered to me very quickly after purchase.Would highly recommend to a friend.


  Bargain compared to a new iphone8


  Yes I not a new, not is a bad móvil phone but the battery is nos 100% good maybe is a 80%


  Excellent phone


  It looked and worked like new for a month, then the screen gave out and it died completely. At least Amazon refunded it without hassle.


  We use these in work for test handsets and to be honest they look like a brand new device.Device arrived very quickly.


  Great phone like new. Does everything you expect from an iPhone 8.


  So far this 'renewed' phone has been excellent.  Battery life is obviously below new but certainly acceptable.  The casing is in great condition and the screen has no marks.  All in all a sound purchase so far.


  As promised! Beautiful phone in great condition. Battery life is at 97% do pretty much perfect!


  Was very dubious about buying renewed. So glad I did, arrived quickly, and packaged well. Phone looks brand new, battery capacity 100%. Nice touch to include charge lead and plug. Extra bonus was sim converter. Very pleased with phone.


  So far so good.


  Phone arrived ahead of expected delivery.  Phone was as described - perfect condition.  Very happy with my phone, thank you.


  Item arrived faulty, Seller refunded payment.


  The phone works well but came without the charger (no plug).


  Too early to review


  Excellent


  Lovely phone great condition good on price 5star*****


  So far so good, happy daughter!!!


  Great product good price


  Fantastic! Like new.


  The screen lifted up from the phone within 2 weeks of having it. The battery life was awful, the phone would randomly turn off and require charging despite almost full battery. 1 month later and my phone won't even turn on.


  Ordered the device and it arrived the next day (even though I didn’t even pay for next day delivery)!! The phone was in great condition and works perfectly ... absolutely over the moon especially considering the price ! :)


  The phone arrived next day, and was in great condition. I have a concern about the battery life however, as after taking a few photographs, the battery went from 60% to 10%, and then shut down. I'll see how it goes later.


  My grandson loved this phone colour and function


  Really pleased with pristine condition of the phone and 100% battery capacity.


  Had this phone for a couple of weeks but it keeps crashing... like by the hour if not more ... looks pretty though. You can almost use it as a mirror... as it’s usually off ... good Unscratched screen... 


  An absolutely fantastic deal. Battery life was 100 percent. Very very happy.


  Phone arrived on time and in perfect condition. It was impossible to tell it from a brand new phone.


  Bought this and it was a very good price, the delivery was fast and it was well packaged. The phone was in excellent condition, no marks and in full working order and unlocked.


  Came in really great condition! I’ve had no problems so far


  Brilliant, first class product, looked brand new and works perfectly


  Very good not a scratch at all


  Really pleased with my phone.  It's better than my old one and seems much faster and the battery lasts longer.  Screen is nice and clear.  Excellent.


  recommend,received in 2 days. any problem at all with the phone, the only problem was that I received an Italian charger instead of a normal English one looks also a very cheap product, but the phone is very good


  Just received this phone yesterday! Came earlier than expected. Was sceptical about buying a phone off the internet but I am very impressed with it even though I’ve been only using it a day. Definitely recommend!


  Great very good


  I few signs of use, but battery life falls short!But really good product


  Not much point in buying these new, really. Excellent and very welcome gift to say thanks to someone (who had a really obsolete phone)


  To sum this experience up. Amazing.Super impressed with the service and the phone looks brand new. Excellent. Would recommend seller to anyone who would listen.Thank you.


  I don’t usually give a review but this time I felt I had to. The refurbished I phone 8 is like new. There isn’t a mark on it and the battery came with 100%. I would highly recommend anyone considering buying.


  Amazing , Fast Phone which looks brand new.  No complaints at all.


  Excellent product, almost like new with no scratches or marks. I bought this for my daughter whose absolutely thrilled with it. I am so pleased that I’m planning to buy another one for myself.


  Brilliant phone


  Phone arrived earlier than expected and is in perfect condition. I was concerned about the battery capacity and was really surprised it was 100%. Time will only tell but right now I’m really pleased!


  The iPhone was as described it looked like new and I am exceptionally pleased with it the company I bought it off delivered exactly what it said thankyou and was value for money


  The phones cosmetic condition is perfect, no marks at all that I could see. Looks brand new.  Battery health is 87%. I’ve had the phone 1 week and the phone itself works great.


  Was amazing when I first received it, excellent condition and 98% battery health. a few days later, the touch screen stopped working completely (it hadn't been dropped or water damage ect)


  Very small


  I think the phone was in very good condition and came with no damage at all no scratches, minor cracks, etc just perfect body condition. Running it was smooth and seems to still be running smoothly. Doesn’t come with head phones though


  Good, works well


  Nice, new looking, refurbished phone. Battery health 89% which is ok for a refurbished phone


  Excellent looks like a new phone and arrived before estimated delivery date. I would definitely buy from this seller again.


  Looks brand new my daughter is very happy with it,I would 100% recommend this seller


  Great - very happy!


  Great buy no camplaints so far wasn’t a single scratch or anything on the phone came with earphones and charger I would recommend this seller 


  Not a single scratch or scuff. Absolutely mint. Battery came with 85% which is ok considering the price. Very good value for money, undoubtedly.


  looks like new!! completely happy so far and have nearly 2 months now


  Great iPhone 8 in fantastic condition and works very well.. I have recommended to family & friends.


  Wow Works amazingly, it arrived very early I was delighted to see the iphone in perfect condition!


  Battery low


  Extremely quick delivery, not a scratch on it, clean, good quality accessories, very good service.


  It’s good, make sure to get a case though because mine smashed after 2 days of having it


  Product in good condition apparently and i checked the battery has 85% of life. It looks new.There was the charging cable as well .I hope it will keep working.thank you


  Excellent


  This is an amazing product! I have been using for over 5 months now and it works as good as new.


  Fast delivery, reasonably priced used phone in very good used condition


  The phone came well packaged, cleans and almost like new, though some scratches around the charging port and the camera which are not easily noticeable. Its good value for money.


  I was a little bit hesitant about buying a refurbished product but my fears proved unfounded as it proved to be indistinguishable from new.  Battery life is excellent so no problems whatever.


  Great phone, good quality too. Charges really quickly and has decent speakers.


  Love my renewed phone,  really does look new.


  Product looks good so far and looks like a new one.Probably would need some  usage before getting the performance of this one


  Good quality looks like new no scratches no marks battery life is hundred percent easy to set up definitely recommend to buy


  Excellent phone, good battery and all the usual Apple quality


  I received my iPhone 8 the next day after ordering!  I’m extremely pleased with my purchase, not a mark on it, works perfectly.  Great value for money.


  Fast delivery, superb quality, no signs of wear. Second time it has been changed since it came yesterday, so only time will tell if the battery life is any good . Overall very pleased


  Great phone, looks brand new!


  No faults at all found to date with this iPhone and the condition was excellent as new, would definitely buy from this seller again


  Exactly as described, looked like new.So far, very pleased with this purchase (Christmas gift for someone).


  The phone itself looks in good shape. No scratches or damage to the screen. However, the speaker is terrible and sounds like it has blown. Needs replacing!


  Well I just received my iPhone. It looks brand new !!! Not a mark on it and shopped so quick!!! So far so good. Very happy 


  The phone arrived with a brand new battery and looked good as new (except a few very small scratches next to the volume buttons). After one week, I am very happy with my purchase.


  Delighted with my red iPhone 8 - it is indistinguishable from a brand new one (apart from the bargain price!) The warranty and return policy were reassuring and I would have no hesitation in buying another refurbished product from Grade Mobile!


  Got the Iphone 8 and its in Great conditionThe phone is like brand new works perfect battery life is great alsoim in ireland and it works fine im on the three network


  Item faulty started a return. Returned the phone. No refund has been given


  The phone looks as new no scratch no sport like a new phoneI would definitely recommend this phone


  Excellent service and product even arrived a day earlier than expected, the phone looks as good as new and my daughter is over the moon with her phone, 10**********


  Phone arrived look brand new , works like new new , over the moon with the phone all in all and great price too , even more happy that is comes with the warranty .


  Keeps turning off from the first day I got it.I transferred my credit card balance after I got it and they won’t refund as it’s a different card. I only wanted it fixed.


  Its an amazing phone, brilliant arrived early


  Best apple for kids


  I bought it for me son it came so clean and it was what they say. If you are buying from them please go ahead. And it has 1 year insurance.


  Keeps losing WiFi must send it back to be put right


  Screen poking out at bottom at the back,very poor quality and now the glass at back where sticking out has cracked and the speaker is not working! Waste of £280 and it arrived a week late


  This phone is basically brand new. Their was not a single scratch on the body but altogether a great deal!


  Fantastic and like new... cannot fault the phone at all and was very quick delivery. Had the phone about 5 weeks and so far no issues


  Phone worked perfectly, but the battery life was very poor, it lost about 20% in 5 mins. I returned the phone 3 weeks ago and am still waiting for my refund.


  Excellent phone better than expected not a mark on it,


  Refurbished and well worth it. Would buy an iPhone in this manner in the future (to be honest, I doubt I’ll buy them any other way).


  Battery  only lasted for about 10 minutes before phone turning itself of. Had to buy a battery pack. Very disappointed The rest of the phone is fine.


  Great


  Great value


  Brilliant! Just like new.. ok, not packaged as new but. Excellent!


  A good replacement for previous iPhone


  This arrived in top condition and early. Met all the requirements and brought a smile to my grandsons face.


  Had to send this item back and claim a refund as the day after the phone was set it up dangerously started overheating


  Phone arrived in Ireland within two days of purchase. Perfect condition. First time to have bought a refurbished phone. Have the phone two weeks now and am still delighted with it.


  I’ve had my new iPhone 8 now for 2 weeks. It’s good value for money and I’m so pleased with it.


  Absolutely amazing, ordered it yesterday and it came in less than 24 hours without prime, great phone works well, fast and no damage at all. Very good for a re-con phone. Very pleased!!


  Was bought for my son the charging lead was poor so bought a lightning amd charging alot better. But other than that he is very happy with his phone 


  Useless. Screen keyboard barely registering key presses. Used it for 24 hours - wiped and returned to seller.Refund requested and accepted.


  It’s a present so not used yet but item is in excellent condition, no obvious scratches or blemishes and switches on. V.pleased and great service from vendor


  Initially there WAS a problem with tihs reconditioned handset but Grade Mobile DID take the handset back and did issue a full refund  ...  so fair play to them.


  I love my iPhone 8 really pleased with it 


  Perfect condition almost new with even few more weeks of warranty.


  Great phone thank you


  Phone came faulty, the speaker does not work properly and when you ring someone or someone rings you it sounds like a robot on the end of the line. Not happy


  Had the phone a week. works well arrived early and looks great. Too soon to comment any further.


  Phone arrived as good as new. Also I much prefer this iPhone 8 to the XR which I had previously.


  Good phone, but 81% battery life? My iPhone 6s from 2015 that I used for 4 years has 84%??? Very ridiculous


  my daughter loves it


  Excellent service. iPhone in mint condition. No complaints at all. Would fully recommend gadget store


  Came with 100% maximum battery capacity, was certainly a brand new phone in my eyes, everything perfect with no scratches what so ever, would deffo recommend especially with having a year guarantee.. thankyou


  Good


  I had some concerns about buying a refurbished phone, but there was no need as it is pristine.


  Phone looks and feels amazing batter health is at 96% and the delivery was only 2 days long and i have know had it for about a month and is still amazing.


  It works well and I am quite happy. However, it had visible scratches. It also came without  a headset, which was disappointing.


  Very happy, looks brand new, great battery life, no problems


  Bought it as a present for my daughter. Just tiny scratch marks on the corners otherwise excellent condition. Works perfectly.


  Phone arrived without a box, but in mint condition. It has no signs of ever been used. Battery with 100% capacity! Better then I imagined. Recommended!


  Great phone . It arrived quicker than expected. Looks very good like new. I am more than pleased with this phone.


  The phone is good but arrived with no ear phone. l think ear phone and charger are basics of phone and should be included no matter what.


  This arrived looking like a new phone. Fantastic value for money in my opinion


  Quick delivery in secure packaging. The phone is shiny, not scratched or damaged in any way. Works perfectly and feels like new. Highly recommended.


  Bought renewed from supreme mobile, excellent, looks brand new and 95% battery health! I saw the reviews they had and I’m adding to it! Great phone!


  works perfectly , no problem with battery life


  First time reviewing but wow phone is in brand new condition battery life is at 100% perfect item very pleased


  Does not LOOK LIKE NEW. Surface scratches all over screen. Very disappointed if I’m honest as I trusted AMAZON


  Looks as good as a new. So far I am very happy with my new phone


  Amazing I love my phone it’s like brand new. I’ll never get a phone on contract again


  Ok


  Fab phone except poor battery life


  The iPhone 8 has been brilliant. Working really well, great photos and fab for a refurbished phone.Delighted with iPhone.


  Great phone with wireless charging. Doesn’t come with earphones sadly but It does come with a good charger.


  Came with a massive scratch across the screen - and I'm supposed to pay to return it. Not at all happy...


  Good service, phone appears to be as new! Not had it long enough to thoroughly check it out!


  I was worried that it may be faulty or have a slow battery charge , but it was fully charged in 60 mins and has worked perfectly


  In great conditions, pitty loud speaker microphone quality is terrible and if using loud speaker the person on the other end of the call can’t understand a word


  Too soon to tell, but battery life is good and phone appears to be in very good condition.


  I would not recommend this as the phone doesnt work properely and i asked about a refund and they wont reply avoid this seller


  This iPhone was as good as any iPhone straight out of the box. Really pleased with the condition and the price.


  Like new. Just missing the branded box but the phone is faultless


  Original package and accessories great phone


  Great phone arrived on time bought for my son he absolutely loves it highly recommended


  The phone is in immaculate condition. Looks virtually brand new. Battery life is decent too. So far, so good.


  Refurbished phone looks and feels like new! Great value for money versus a new model.


  This is like a brand new phone, excellent super fast delivery and great communication


  Was really amazed by the speed of the delivery. The phone is as good as new in perfect working order. Rally happy with this purchase.


  Lovely’phone. as new. Battery life not as long , as expected


  Attention Bulk Buyers Ltd refuses to refund me, even they received the IPhone 8 weeks ago. Now I need to take a lawyer.


  Like new practically will be saving the sellers details for future reference or need for other electronics in the future


  Happy with the phone everything is working well. Super fast delivery too I would recommend  :)


  The phone looks and works as new. Good value for money. As always buying on amazon you will never regret.


  Arrived in good condition. Have been using it for a month now and no issues whatsoever. Very happy with the purchase.


  A couple of small nicks on the screen plus I thought I would’ve got the earphones that normally come with all iPhones


  The phone was 100% good and everything worked


  Product like new, boxed with charger, 100% battery life. Arrived around 4 days before it was due to arrive. Excellent service.


  Excellent risk, much cheaper than buying a new phone and comes in perfect condition and great battery.


  Came following day, looks completely brand new (iPhone 8) not a scratch. Why pay double?


  Bought as a birthday present and was very happy with the quality, looked and worked as if brand new


  Battery life is terrible absolutely no way is it running at 80% wish I’d just got a new one now, waste of money


  It’s what I’d expected of a good reconditioned iPhone. Very good thank you.


  Purchased iphone for my wife and she is very pleased with it. Still learning all the applications.


  This phone arrived locked, however the communication was good and I got a full refund no problem.


  A little disappointed there was dirt around my screen edge , and the battery life is 90% id say reconditioned is a little miss leading


  iPhone 8. Excellent all round.


  Excellent phone for the money


  My son is over the moon with this phone, it works perfectly and he said it's the best phone yet


  Terrible battery life .. not even last 3 hours ..


  Very happy with this product it had come well before the delivery date plus the phone is in excellent condition


  Original had faulty button, contacted supplier and they replaced phone, no quibble. Great service, very happy customer


  Arrived very quickly. Have had the phone for about five months now with no problems whatsoever. Perfect.


  Bought this for my Husband, when it turned up it looked like a new phone. Excellent product


  Was initially sceptical about a renewed phone, but glad I decided to go for it. Looks like new and works perfectly.


  Superb condition only a minute mark on phone just pin prick size. Great customer service definitely would deal with them again


  I bought this for my wife. I was surprised it was just like new. I am really happy with this purchase.


  The price was right. I've always had iphones. Was glad to buy used. Recycled.


  Very pleased with the phone - bonus that it came with plug in charger when I was only expecting the charging lead


  Came earlier than expected, battery life was brand new, condition was immaculate would not hesitate to buy again.


  Like new, highly recommend. Don’t bother buying a “new” iPhone when you can get one of these Renewed ones


  Same as a new phone. If you don’t mind the headphones and charging cables, it’s worth for the money.


  Superb, extremely fast delivery and phone is perfect. Bought as a gift, they were delighted. Thanks!


  Fab


  Fast delivery and great phone. Perfect, just like new


  Really happy at how well presented and clean it came excellent condition my son really happy with his new phone.


  Phone looks like new. Arrived very fast. I recommend this seller


  Had no problems with the phone when I got it. Felt brand new. Battery health was 89%. Truly recommend it to buy


  Delivery was so quick. Phone looks and works great EXCEPT for the battery life. Plus charging is temperamental.


  Looks like new and with a 12 month warranty - what a great deal


  Speedy service, it was delivered 4 days earlier than expected... looks as good as new and battery life is 100%


  Perfect phone.Battery is 100% Healty.Like a brand new product without any schratches.


  Great service. Phone was exceptionally well presented. Not a single scratch anywhere!


  This iPhone wasn't fit for purpose. Randomly, it would freeze and become completely unresponsive.


  Great piece of equipment


  Great condition for a refurb. Couple minor blotches but works like new


  Phone arrived today not a single mark on it, battery life 100% will definitely be buying from these again.


  Excellent condition only one small scratch on back.  Very well packaged  great buy. ThanksJohn


  After a very short time it stopped charging normally!!! I'm waiting for something to be done to place a positive reveiw


  Amazing quality,Brand new battery and no scratches. But it doesn’t come with earphones. I say 4.5 stars.


  Excellent product and phone was like new. Wife delighted.


  Arrived good as new with screen protector fitted and included charger and cable.


  Had for 10 weeks. Was in pristine condition and works like new. No problems. Very satisfied.


  Pixels distorted within a week ,  n on return they said I had smashed lens , not the case ..


  Prompt delivery. Great phone


  almost okay


  You would not know it’s not new, no marks and 97% battery health.


  IPhone 8 in very good condition as stated.


  Just received this phone and charger doesn't work - please send me another.


  Like new, no visible scratches and battery life is brilliant. Definitely recommended for the money.


  Really nice phone delivery was really fast very pleased


  No issues. As new. Thank you.


  My son is happy :)


  Product is in perfect condition. Charged battery to 100%. Working perfectly. Definitely recommend.


  Good as new and in Mint condition when I got it .


  The front camera doesn’t work and we’ve now got to send it back. Really disappointed


  Very happy with the price and product


  Phone arrived in immaculate condition with a good battery life. Very happy with it.


  Great phone so far


  The iPhone 8 was in perfect conditions. Like new. Battery capacity at the maximum.


  Very good condition no scratches, had to restore it myself though for some reason.


  The phone is as new, battery life 90%.I can only recommend this seller. 


  So far so good


  Brilliant company phone came quick battery life’s at 93% phones in brilliant condition would recommend this company


  At the moment have no issues. Came earlier than expected. Excellent service. Would recommend it.


  I bought for my husband.  Looks like new with great battery performance.  A really good product


  Great condition, great speed, well presented and packaged, great transaction. Recommendable


  Perfect! Looks as if brand new from the box and works completely fine. Very happy customer!


  Delighted with the quality and condition of this item.


  Perfect replacement for son. Good quality.


  Microphone doesn’t work properly and back camera is all blurry when trying to take photos


  Everyday use, worked perfectly


  As new condition plus the 256gb memory. Much better value than a new phone on contract.


  I’m very Happy with this IPhone , Came  the very next day and it’s just like a new one.


  Delighted with the Renewed iPhone 8 exactly as described and have a happy wife to boot!


  As new and flawless. Bargain


  Really like this phone and pleased with the service received from seller.5 star rating.


  Like brand new! Great item


  Very pleased with the battery capacity for this re-con iPhone. As new condition too.


  Item arrived with large scratch on screen item returned for full refund


  Fast delivery. Phone per seller’s description. Fantastic!!!


  Great condition like new


  Arroved promptly and in great condition. All works well and no issues


  Excellent condition, like new at a fraction of the cost of a new one.


  Fantastic phone - perfect condition and works faultlessly


  1st time I’ve not bought new, phone looks as new, don’t think I’ll buy new again.


  It is perfect. Definitely worth buying I would suggest it to anyone


  The phone arrived within 4 days, was in excellent condition and worked perfectly


  Battery good 89% efficient.....Phone condition good.....happy chappy


  Very happy with this purchase, all works well and has no blemishes on it, thank you


  Very good!


  Perfect in every way


  Phone in pristine condition,and everything so far is great very pleased with .


  This product is perfect. Everything I expected. Thank you so much


  The phone is as good as new except for the battery health of 87%.


  Pre-owned iPhone 8 arrived in plain packaging in great condition, with no visible defects or performance issues. Good product.


  Great value. Great condition.


  only problem i've had is that contactless apple pay doesn't work


  Arrived quickly in excellent condition and worked out of the box


  Charge device is not original and cheap. The camera and flash sometimes not working.


  Now converted to the idea of a renewed buy, rather than expensive contracts.


  Great value for money, battery life is good,  the phone itself has no issues


  Very happy with my new phone. It looks and works like brand new!


  Great phone and fast delivery thank you.


  Phone in like new condition arrived a day early, excellent customer service


  No charger. Why would you claim it’s as new and then not include a charger?


  Despatched quickly. Happy with phone no scuffs or scratches anywhere on it.


  Brilliant phone!


  Phone looks fine and works well but shuts down automatically.!


  Phone looks brand new and works perfectly.I’m very happy


  Battery health 100%Microphone seems okay but not great


  Was not supplied in the original box


  Used phone for a month and very pleased with it. Would easily recommend


  Great phone but screen was a bit off


  Great value for money, in such good condition.


  The IPhone was like new when purchased & was a great buy.


  Phone received as new no marks or scratches etc excellent many thanks


  Disappointed with the battery health only 86% - expected at least 90%


  Battery is terrible, do not reccomend at all.


  Easy to use so far . Working well


  At the moment everything is fineDelivery and phone


  Excellent


  Thanks


  Love it


  Colour loved it value for money an very fast thankyou


  Phone lokks great, no scratch or wear but microphone not working.


  Good phone, but wasn't unlocked despite being advertised as such.


  Phone as described, very good


  Perfect so pleased with it and great value for money


  Quick service. Very good condition. Early days but my child is very happy


  Scratches on bk of phone other than that seems good


  No regrets getting a refurbished phone.


  awful. front camera quality is miserable and constantly dies at 80%


  Delighted with the phone and the quick response 


  No scratches or marks battery life good its as if it was new truly recommended


  looks  like new, works perfect,  delivered really fastVery happy with it


  The phone came with a battery life of 91% which is not bad.


  The iPhone was as advertised. No issues at all


  Was really pleased the phone looks brand new.


  pretty much like a iphone 7 but really good x


  Great product and fantastic service. Would 100% recommend


  It’s like brand new no scratch at all with 100% battery.


  As new, came with charging lead.


  Great condition, very fair price


  My product was delivered quickly no damage and my phone works perfectly


  Excellent purchase!


  Phone arrived looking like new with cable and adapter.


  No complaints, arrived on time in full working order


  Good refurbFast deliveryEasy to purchase


  This item arrived early and went beyond my expectations


  All really good, phone came earlier than expected as well


  Great phone


  So far product is excellent..No scratches, dents or scrapes...battery is 100%.


  Toch screen was lagging, bad refurbish


  A*


  Great item no faults no scratches like brand new


  I liked the battery life


  Quickly delivered in the advertised conditions.


  Excellent! It looks like a brand new cell phone


  After 1 hour the phone kept turning on and off.


  I love this phone  almost perfect


  Phone wasn’t unlocked so I couldn’t put my SIM card and I had to send it back


  Just how quick it does everything


  excellent


  Working as expected, as if it was brand new.


  Great price and excellent phone. Arrived on time thanks again.


  This phone is just like new, really like it


  Excellent phone with a big amount of memory


  Very happy with the product and money value


  Arrived early, as described. Good phone!


  Does what it says on the tin


  Great price and condition


  does the job very well


  Fantastic quality,like new


  Immaculate condition so very pleased.


  As advertised


  Have battery problem please change it


  Delighted so far. Perfect working order. Great value for money. Speedy delivery!


  Very pleased with all three function


  Brilliant 100% battery


  5 star from IT Trade services LTD


  Very happy with this phone so far


  Very good quality. Almost as new


  Like new


  Good for purpose but fake phone


  Very happy like new


  Phone working great


  Present


  I loved it so much. thank you.


  Just what I needed


  Excellent condition, like new.


  Immaculate condition


  Great


  Excellent. Thanks very much.


  I liked that it worked


  Immaculate condition. Very happy with this purchase.


  Phone is slow


  Good product


  Plzd with my purchase


  Good phone for price.


  Very good


  Absolutely perfect


  For all functions


  Great


  Great


  Love this phone.


  Nice


  Good


  ewrything good


  Great product


  Very quick.


  Excellent value for money like new


  the battery is working 5h


  Really good phone all workings and is like new


  Very good


  Very good


  I Phone 8


  Good service good phone


  Amazing


  Horrible services


  Brilliant condition


  Excellent wood bye again


  Great condition


  Perfect


  Came in a generic box with charger and adapter from a generic third party. Rear glass seems to have a counterfeit panel. Not sure about the internals.  Not impressed


  Great condition looks relatively new, battery life seems good, set up was easy. Overall it’s a great phone for the price.  It was dispatched within 24 hours, so all in all I’m extremely pleased with the product and service.


  Purchased two iphone8 , both came with <84% battery life, touchscreen needed to be replaced already on one of them, it was vibrating , faded colours. Microphone had to be replaced on one of them as well. Already spent over £200 before even started using the phone. Wouldn't recommend.


  Battery doesn’t seem to be as good as my sons iPhone 8 even though at 100% battery health


  Great Phone arrived early daughter was absolutely delighted!


  Can’t fault this. Phone looks completely brand new with no marks or anything. and battery life is at 100%. Happy!


  Phones in perfect condition everything works and was very quick to get to me! I’d recommend to anyone


  this phone is great, just what i wanted! works like new and easy to set up!


  Excellent product!


  Sold to us by DigitalTechno. In as new condition, battery health 99%, no marks or scratches. One week of use so far no issues. A lot better value than official Apple refurb. No complaints. I would use this seller again and Amazon's return process makes it worry free purchase. EDIT... sadly after few weeks use battery health is now 54% when fully charged...not impressed. Perhaps this is why it was cheap. Caveat emptor.


  Very good mobile , it looks as new, no scratches, all  functioning as it should be .Very good price and worthy.I’d definitely recommend it ...This is my second buy


  The phone was in perfect condition. However in just over 2 weeks the maximum capacity had fallen by 5% to 95%. I’d need a replacement battery in less than 4 months. Returned for refund. The phone was originally purchased in USA and was ineligible for service by Apple UK according to a serial number online check. Beware.


  The touch screen just stopped working after 4 months, I took it to an apple service center where they have charged me over £200 to get the item fixed.  It is currently being fixed but there was a concern from the service center that non-apple parts had been used in the refurbishment of this iphone 8.  I have gone back to the 3rd party warranty service who are being difficult, not accepting proof of purchase on the first attempt, then saying they will only provide money up to the value of $160 or I have to send it from the UK to the US to be repaired.To be honest, I would avoid trying to save yourself a couple of hundred quid and get a proper apple product that has a 12 month full warranty.  I am deeply disappointed with this product and I will never buy a refurbished iphone or apple product again.UPDATETurns out it was water damage to the components in the phone which the apple service center said shouldn't of been there if the phone has been no where near water.I'm going to get a full refund or a replacement as this is just totally unacceptable


  Happy, it's working fine, like new


  Took the plunge and ordered a ‘renewed’ phone after reading many positive reviews on here, and am glad I did. It arrived promptly, well packaged, with charger, lead and SIM-tray tool. Having inspected it minutely, I can’t find a flaw on it at all - it looks brand new.Start-up was simplicity itself, it really is ‘SIM-free’ as my Giffgaff SIM worked straight off, and it set itself up using the settings and apps on my iPad, including selecting the right wireless network and automatically connecting without my having to enter a password. Everything seems to working fine, great call quality too.So far, so good - I am delighted with this purchase


  Bought this phone for my mum during lock down as her old iPhone was broken. I had set up the phone for her and handed it to her at a distance.Saw her a few weeks ago after lock down eased up and I asked her to see how her new phone is doing. I noticed there were lines on the bottom of the screen. I tried turning it on and off but the lines won't go away. When I take a screenshot, the lines are not there - so it's clearly the glass that is the issue.It doesn't bother my mum too much, but it bugs me as I expect the phone to be in perfect condition and I'm concerned that it may get worse over time.


  Edit** after a few weeks the battery died and the phone wouldn't charge or turn on, I contacted the seller and was sent a returns label to return for repair. Only took about 2 weeks from posting to repair and returned back to us. Great communication the whole time. 100% recommend. Very happy and will be purchasing again soon.Arrived a couple days earlier than estimated & my son is over the moon with his new phone. Its in perfect condition you honestly wouldn't know its a renewed pre  owned phone. Would recommend


  Poor quality so called ‘refurb.’ Bought from ‘Buyur’ on Prime was delivered next day. The product red iPhone 8 has chips & scratches to frame, arrived visibly dirty in plain cardboard box, paid higher price hoping for a good quality ‘renewed’ phone for a gift. The iPhone wasn’t even clean with visible dirt trapped around the camera lens! Even being charged to RETURN! Poor QC and pretty bad infection control with the dirt considering we are mid Covid pandemic!


  I bought this phone for my daughter as her first iPhone two reasons. 1) I was familiar with the IOS operating system so set parental controls was easy giving me piece of mind and 2) the iPhone 8 is drop in the sink waterproof and has wireless charging.So right product just had to find the right supplier. Options were obvious contract or buy renewed. I chose the latter. When the phone arrived it was well packaged but I needed to get it all set up ready for Xmas day. Disappointingly there was no charger contrary to the description. The phone was in really good condition with in my case a minor scratch on the side. The battery life was 88% which was with the range outlined. Overall very good and I will Douro my next phone this way


  I purchased this for one of my granddaughters who had destroyed her previous phone (by dropping it in a swimming pool!). I was really surprised by the condition of the phone. If it had arrived in Apple packaging I would have assumed that it was brand new. There wasn't a mark or a scratch anywhere! I obviously can't on the phone's performance as it's not me using it but my granddaughter is certainly happy with it.


  Ordered this phone and although there was an initial problem I have received first class service with Grade Mobile. I emailed my problem and was contacted immediately and it was agreed I return the phone with pre paid postage, I then received a phone call from Ellie asking how they could help me and following a really helpful call a replacement was sent in the post next day and is working perfectly. I feel confident in contacting Grade Mobile anytime with a query. They are efficient, very helpful and reassuring to buy from.


  Bought for my sister, set up and transfered everything from her old iPhone.This product came in a white box, seems like grade A refurbished phone doesn't seem to show signs of any wear or marks.Newly packed charger plug and lead, with the sim key supplied.No instructions or headphones, but didnt need these items.Seems to operate fine and looked 'as new'Would recommend this seller.


  A few issues to begin with as wrong colour received. Decided to accept the phone received so as to give the recipient as this was a gift. Condition was as new, no scratches etc. Has been used for a few days now and appears to be no issues. A refund has been issued as phone received is cheaper than the one ordered. Shame about the initial issues but apart from this all good.


  Arrived 1 day early and very protectively packaged Phone is in flawless condition and came with a UK adapter, charging cable and SIM removal toolIn perfect working order with battery at 93% of original capacity - I would have liked that higher but as Apple consider anything over 80% to be fully serviceable, absolutely no complaints at the price point - thank you DigitalTechno


  Had an iPhone 5SE and wanted a slightly bigger screen but not a big phone.  Arrived very quickly with mains plug (iPhone 8 has no earphones).  No obvious scratches and took 5 minutes for all data to download from older to newer phone by just placing them next to each other.  Bought a new case which also arrived same day so was up and running with no fuss.  Good purchase.


  Not a scratch or mark on it. Easy to transfer everything over took minutes even for an old technophobe like me! I loved my iPhone 6 had it 6 years and was reluctant to upgrade but this is like having the same phone with a softer easier use of buttons and getting around on it. Love the curved shape of edge of screen all round winner!


  Absolutely fantastic. Was really pleased.After reading many reviews from different products I was a little worried. Phone was in perfect condition. No marks and no issues with battery. Does come with charging cable (no plug) and delivered well packaged and promptly. Phone packages in plane brown box. Absolutely thrilled with this purchase


  Bought this phone for my daughter, it arrived in pristine condition with full battery life. Although it was not boxed it was posted in very effective packaging and arrived with a charger and plug and also sim converters - the gadget in with those was useful for opening the sim compartment. Very pleased with this purchase.


  The iPhone obviously arrived being faulty could not have full conversation sounded muffled and back overheating sent it back after numerous weeks  I asked seller to refund as had to buy another phone because it was gone so long only to be sen the picture saying this was the way my iPhone was returned ...


  Be careful to make sure your screen is genuine and your back cover as it’s sposed to have Apple logo at back along with the name California! This one I bought didn’t and many on the pictures didn’t.Rubber came out of screen on week 1 and don’t ask what else happened!!!!  Amazon kindly helped me out and gave a refund


  Would not have known phone wasn't new except that it was in a generic box. Battery health showing at 99%. After 8 months, battery started playing up. Customer service excellent, free return, battery replaced, all fixed quickly with good communication throughout. Definitely recommend buying from Digital Techno!


  Works like new. Really happy. Thanks


  I’ve never bought a renewed phone before and was quite apprehensive. This had good reviews but I am aware that these can be misleading sometimes, I decided to go with it. And I wasn’t disappointed- the phone was in pristine condition, battery life is excellent and it all works very well. Very happy with my purchase and would def recommend


  The phone was blemish and defect free it looked and felt brand new.  The battery was 89% and this is better than my sons 8 which he bought new.  Apple pay works fine and I am very happy with the phone.  My 90 year old father now gets my old 6s upgrading from my old Galaxy S4 so he is well happy too.


  I was a bit sceptical about buying a refurbished phone, but I’m so glad I did! The battery health is 96% which is great, and looking at the phone, you’d think it was brand new. I’m so pleased with it and it was such good value, I’d definitely buy another one like this


  Genuinely impressed. My iPhone 8 died, found this on amazon- reviews looked good.Phone is in perfect conditionBattery health was 90%All works perfectlyCame with Apple charger.A lot cheaper than buying the next generations phones that are crazy expensive.I think this may be my new way of buying a phone.


  The phone arrived in 24 hours - extraordinary in the second week of lockdown. It looks like new, charged quickly and fully and I'm enjoying using it, especially as I'd upgraded from an ancient iphone 5, so it has lots of new features that I'm discovering. I'm very happy.


  iPhone 8 prices are very competitive so ordered a 256Gb. Arrived and the phone was in great cosmetic condition but home button clicked in a very loud way and sounded like something had been replaced and not well. Also camera seemed grainy so arranged a return, simply, quickly and no quibbles.Ordered a replacement and the new one seemed perfect - excellent condition and none of the issues from the previous. I’ve bought a few used phones and these seem very good.


  Arrived quickly and condition looked like new. All of the features are great and the battery charges to 100% and lasts for ages - much better than expected.


  The phone was faulty, had few issues, the biggest one being that after 1 day it stopped charging. I have returned the phone, but the seller refused to pay for the shipping claiming that nothing was wrong with the phone. I am not worried about the money I spent for the shipping but about the lack of responsibility from the seller. Please be careful when makeing purchase.


  Very pleased with the phone - it looks brand new. Works perfectly. The plug was missing so I emailed and received a very friendly email back and received another plug the next day. Very please with the service. Would definitely recommend.


  Was using a Sony Xperia & getting very frustrated with it. Saw this "renewed" iPhone 8 & took a gamble & ordered it.Arrived on time & looks brand new with no marks at all. Came fitted with a seen protector. Lovely phone. Thanks.


  Phone arrived within 2 days and is brand new (despite being sold as renewed). It also came with all new accessories including charger lead and headphones. Maybe I just got lucky but an excellent price for a new iPhone 8. This one is for my son but I will be buying one for myself in September.


  Phone was like new battery capacity is adequate on low power it will last a couple of days. This phone has not seen a lot of work and appears to surpass what I was expecting. I am a heavy user for both music and Strava and cannot fault it


  Wasn't sure what to expect for the excellent price , the gold version turned out to be rose gold. For the price I wasn't bothered about paying more for other colours. Works a treat & battery good. Was an update from an ancient Apple 5 so I'm very pleased with it's performance. No marks or scratches on mine.


  Good quality product from a helpful seller.


  This phone is a significant improvement over my older phone and as such I value it.  However, the protective case and screen cover, also provided by Amazon, are totally useless as they did not protect the screen edges.  I accidentally dropped the phone and the impact was near the screen edge, which cracked.  Repair cost is £165.


  I upgraded from iPhone SE to iPhone 8 and I am happy of my move.I was just concern about the battery for this second hand purchase but the battery was at 100%.Happy customer!


  Very happy with this got it up and running and battery was 95% so happy with that.No scratches or marks. It cane in a generic box with generic usb charger etc but all brand new and working well.


  Quick delivery. Battery works to 100%. Charges quickly. Slight damage to the casing but that was expected. Clear concise communications. Packaged well. Came with plug and charging cables. Phone works well. So far so good. Thank you.


  First time buying a second hand IPhone. Upgrade from a 6S and a better phone and what’s nice is same size so a seamless change. Very good price and spotless.


  It’s an iPhone 8, looks as good as new with charger and cable exactly what I wanted. Early days, seems to be working fine and let’s hope it lasts as long as my iPhone 5.


  Phone is great as expected,but the shipping package was poor. The phone cable power adapter were loose in a quite large box which rattled when it arrived,although to be fair the phone worked ok.I would also expected a lightening to 3.5mm adapter.But quite good value for money


  This is a lovely phone with so many great features. I gave touchscreen 4 stars as I find it is bit sensitive and it loads apps I don't want to load so easily. Love the writing feature for tests though and the rest is great.


  Although not supplied in an original Apple box, the phone was very neatly packaged and supplied with charging cable and plug, though no operating instructions.  The phone looks like new and, as far as we can tell, is performing like new.


  This is a superb phone and at a very reasonable price. It's a world of difference to my old 16Gb iPhone 5. So responsive, and with 256Gb of memory it can hold all my favourite music. I'm a very happy customer.


  A pleasant surprise: apart from being delivered in a nice air-tube envelope instead of the apple box, absolutely indistinguishable from brand new.


  This came just as expected at a nice price. Definitely works well and looks like new and feels new. Needed the upgrade from the older phone and this was so worth it. I am in love!


  My phone broke on Monday and I thought I would order a reconditioned phone to replace it. Absolutely immaculate condition, battery lasts for ages came and earlier than expected. So so happy!


  Would not believe it was second hand/refurbished - No marks, looks and feels new. Ordered in Spain, delivered from the UK to Spain in good time. No problems.


  Phone arrived quickly- as brand new with chargerVery pleased with it


  I’m very happy with the delivery. It came with 89% battery health. There was no original box but it had a charging cable and the small metal tool to open the SIM card place. It’s been month and a half by now and it works perfectly fine. Thanks


  Delighted with my new iPhone 8 in red. One very small scratch on the screen which can only be seen in certain lights but otherwise 100% perfect and a good saving again new.


  The phone arrived very quickly and via secure delivery the battery health was at 89% and last all day without charging. The phone is very cheap and looks and works like new


  i am very pleased with this product. you would think it was new as it was in good condition and worked perfectly. it was dispatched the same day and arrived before the expected delivery date.Well done and i would buy from this seller again


  Very happy so far! Had an iPhone 6s and liked the size but the battery was awful. This phone is much much betterx


  IPhone will NEVER be value for money, however this a good phone, in near perfect condition, with Amazon guarantee.


  Just what I wanted after 6+ gave up the ghost. Apple should keep supporting this model for some time to come.


  Shop around to get a look after 2ndFor around  £299,  be careful not to get  ripped  of  with an  over  inflated price  example  450 / 500Not woth the price. ....


  I upgraded from an iPhone 5 and am impressed by how easy it was, the phone is so smart it did everything itself. I am still finding out all the new things it does


  This phone was immaculate and well described - Everything worked and it is so quick compared to the old 6 I was using - can highly recommend.


  Works well and my daughter still loves it, fast delivery and the phone was in immaculate condition.


  Arrived next day immaculate condition like new 100% battery very happy with this purchase thank you


  This phone arrived on time in a generic box with a power cable. Aesthetically it is as new and appears to work in all aspects. The only disappointment is that the potential maximum battery charge is 91%.


  Great value and condition, well worth getting a reconditioned one and the service via Amazon good as always


  So pleased I purchased a referb phone - no difference to a new phone at a fraction of the cost. Thank you


  Definitely value for money, it’s as good as new at half the price, so far no problems with it used every day.


  Phone arrived one day early, well wrapped up. Looks like new, battery lasts as expected.Thank you very much


  Made beeping noise Every time you on the home button after one week. Returning the phone. Probably better to buy not refurbished phone ... :(


  Such quality, looks just like a new one.Very satisfied customer


  Arrived very quickly.  My 14 year old son is very happy. Only issue seems to be thumb print recognition.


  I’m really pleased with it - the battery life is excellent, much better than my last phone, no visible scratches, microphone and camera work fine, and fast secure delivery by the seller - recommended!


  Phone absolutely as new, super condition. No problems with setup.


  Arrived ' refurbished ' well it was new !! So extremely happy and I have a very happy daughter


  Very sweet gift phone. As new and a brilliant new Apple “changing phone” interface. My wife is very happy with it.


  The phone - opened on Christmas day by my excited daughter - was locked to a previous apple ID and completely locked so useless. So a very upset and disappointed daughter. No response from seller so had to return - very disappointed


  Quick delivery, fair price and no problems after first week of use. Daughter is delighted with her new phone.


  Fantastic phone! Can’t fault it! Just like new 


  Great phone great condition it comes with %85 battery life fast delivery highly recommended, comes with charger cable and charger no earphones


  Great value and in excellent condition.


  phone as described, arrived promptly and does the job.


  The iPhone condition is pristine. Everything works perfectly.


  Good Quality and Value for Money.


  I just wanted to say thank you I am really impressed with my phone and the service received. I’ll definitely be in touch should I need further purchase s


  Only had it for a couple of days but so far so good. Looks brand new and battery lasts a lot longer than my old iPhone 6.


  Great replacement for my I phone6


  Great phone and brilliant value


  Looks like new, 90% battery.


  Phone was in a very good state


  Perfect condition, hard to believe the phone is pre owned.  Battery life like a new phone. Cant find a fault at all. Brilliant


  Really good condition and great value for money


  Great refurb phone. Good as new.


  Looks just like a brand new equivalent mobile. Definitely recommend.


  Value for money


  Excellent value. Good battery life and no marks


  Good value for money, looks great.


  Arrived ahead of predicted time. So far so good.


  Excellent quality phone


  Amazing quality like new. In dedicated box with screen cover, cable & charger.Definitely use again.


  The phone is good works well so far


  This phone was sold faulty. When seller was approached, they’ve refused a partial refund.


  Excellent phone bought to keep a 13 year old boy happy ( can be hard work ). Phone is new, brilliant condition happy days and a happy son.


  Great product, works perfectly, no scratches etc, delighted!


  I'm really happy with my phone. The battery had 90% life left. The phone was in perfect condition, no scratches etc. Really pleased!


  Looked like new out of the box and everything works great.Perfect thanks


  Good product


  Must admit I am blown away. The iPhone 8 I received was a Christmas present for my girlfriend. She loves it. It looks brand new and the battery life is perfect. I may buy another one!


  Phone is great I’m well pleased.


  Excellent product thank you


  After a few months phone was faulty and seller refused to fix or replace please do not buy from this seller


  Very pleased the phone was in great condition good as new


  Very pleased


  There was not one blemish, not one mark, nor a scratch. IMMACULATE in every respect.His communication was great too.


  Great product


  Works like new. No issues or problems at all and a quick delivery.


  Delivered promptly and in very good condition. Seems to have charged fully and am in the process of setting it up. Happy with purchase.


  Arrived exactly as described. A+. Will use again. For sure.


  So far so good - very happy with purchase


  Excellent condition . Battery life spot on . Very pleased with purchase


  Exceeded expectations. No defects well packaged, and included charger/cable. Well pleased.


  Exactly what was advertised, looks like new.


  works perfectly - could do with instruction leaflet


  Great value


  Great looking phone, looks brand new, well impressed with it....


  So far so good. Very prompt delivery & all still working well a few weeks after purchase


  Great phone in as new condition. We are really impressed and would highly recommend.


  Only had phone a few days , but so far it seems excellent.


  Bought this for my grandson as he smashed his own loves it thankyou


  Arrived with cracked screen


  Great Phone brilliant condition 


  Fast delivery. Phone looks new & works perfectly. Battery seems good so far.


  Phone was in near perfect condition.


  Great product. No complaints


  Very happy with this iPhone 8.  It’s working really well.


  Great phone.


  Love it


  Good


  Arrived swiftly;) , a good inspection reveals non to very little scratches;) . Although when it arrived the battery was completely dead and the phone was cold to the touch ,an half an hours on the charger brought it to life ;) . Very quick , good camera, loud speakers excellent Touch ID , it synced from my previous iPhone with out no trouble , got the apps back , but still missing my contacts:(Would recommend! Looks like there selling like hot cakes at this price I ordered early Sunday morning (7 available) by mid day 2 available....No headphones as mentioned ,packaging which it was delivered in and condition was good;)


  I purchased the phone as an upgrade for my wife's ageing iPhone 5S. The phone arrived next day (via Prime) and is in perfect condition, took me no time at all to set the new phone up due to the excellent facility within Apples software whereby you just place the old phone beside the new one and after a few clicks all of the data is transferred.I only have one small reservation regarding the purchase which relates to the 12 month warranty which appears to be provided by a USA based company and therefore I am not sure how good the service will be if I ever need to. But I will remain positive as I have had very little problem in the past with Apple products and anticipate this will be the same. Overall I am delighted and have saved £100's


  Happy no issues to date


  I'd previously bought a 'as new' phone from a different site and had to return it twice due to NOT being 'as new'.I'd already purchased a Galaxy S7 using Amazons (renewed) so I should have done so this time but for some reason didn't!I'm so glad I chose to buy from here, the phone arrived exactly 'as new'. It was for my daughter who inspected it for scratches as though it was a forensic operation. I'm glad to say it passed with flying colours.No scratches (not even microscopic), great battery life and a very reasonable price, I couldn't ask for more.


  This phone was well presented in good condition, it has worked well with no issues, I am pleased with this purchase.


  Arrived all new with accessories from apple in an original box. Apple Pay, touch screen, Siri all functional. Great customer service.


  El producto recibido no tenía hecha una restauración de fabrica (es decir, venía ya con un ID de Apple instalado) además el terminal no se conecta a la red cuando se le inserta la tarjeta SIM.


  Ottimo


  Me gusta bastante, no tiene ningún rasguño, es nuevo, perfecto por ahora


  Condiciones del articulo desastrosas, añadiendo además de que me vino con varios días de retraso. Descontento, muy descontento.


  Te ahorras un dinero con un iPhone reacondicionado y funciona perfectamente.


  Le téléphone a un chargeur en prise américaine, je ne peux donc pas recharger le téléphone.. surtout que ni le câble ni le chargeur est de la marque apple.Bref, je ne recommande pas ce vendeur.


  El movil llegó en muy buen estado.Parecía nuevo,incluso venía la pantalla con protección.


  Todo bien. Envio ràpido y el móvil funciona correctamente


  Esta en muy buen Estado!!


  Bien reçu, vaut largement le prix aucune rayure en ce qui me concerne mais je n'ai pas reçu le transfo !


  Je suis très content, parfait, 99% neuf.

