
  I really cannot fault this phone. Not a scratch on it, you’d never know it was refurbished. All running just as I’d expect. I can thoroughly recommend this item from the seller.


  The phone looked new, it was clean and in good condition.It was reset to factory settings, which is great.


  I did a lot of research before buying a "refurb" phone - I looked at all the different sites and compared reviews.I wasn't in any doubt about which model I wanted (for my daughter), but the last thing I wanted was some dodgy, second hand, scratched phone!Needless to say, Amazon have not let me down. I put trust in the statement on the page "Renewed products look and work like new. These pre-owned products have been inspected and tested by Amazon-qualified suppliers, which typically perform a full diagnostic test, replacement of any defective parts, and a thorough cleaning process" - most notably the first 7 words.True to their word the phone was immaculate. I mean, I couldn't find anything that would show me it wasn't brand new. I installed some diagnostics tools to check all the functionality and they all came back perfect, with 100% battery capacity.As such, I had no hesitation in recommending the same to both my parents (who bought 2 more) with the same results.An excellent phone (thanks Apple) for an excellent price (thanks Amazon).


  No scratchs at all. Just a minor sratch at the top but is not visible. Runs perfectly. Looks like new. Very happy about the product. Highly recommend


  Apart from a a few minor scratches it’s almost brand new. Plus to get 256GB for just over £400 is a great deal. I’ve had this phone for 2 weeks so far so good!


  After having a bad experience buying a second hand phone (came scratched and broken) from another company, I am delighted with this one. It's in fantastic condition (like new) works perfectly, has a good battery life. I haven't found anything wrong with it so far and am happy with my purchase. Would recommend :)


  From reading the reviews here it seems to be a lottery as to what condition the phone that you receive will be in.  I can only offer my personal experience, which was very good.  The company that supplied my amazon renewed phone was SUPREME MOBILE UK.  The phone arrived in an amazon renewed box with a generic charger and cable.  The phone was in pristine condition, the serial number checked out as bona fide on the apple website, the amount of onboard storage was correct, and the battery has so far lasted about 3 days between charges, which is what I would expect for a phone like this with light usage.I have found Amazon renewed to be a good way to buy a used phone, but I think it makes sense to look at the reviews of the actual seller to see if they are truely up to the standards that the Amazon Renewed programme aspire to.


  I bought 2 of these for my wife and me to replace our ageing iphones 5C, which were beginning to run out of storage and were limited to iOS 10.Each phone arrived beautifully packed in a box which included a charger and the device required to change the SIM card.  After inserting our SIM cards amd recovering our backupswe had both phones working like a far superior version of our old ones. It is too early to be sure of the quality of the batteries, but both phones charged to 100% in a couple of hours and ran for nearly 3 days of moderate use before falling below 20%, which compares quite favourably with our previous phones when they were new.


  I hate writing reviews for things like this as I generally believe I curse myself but honestly I’m really happy with my purchase. Excellent value for money. And came in perfect condition. My daughter loves it! This is the fourth time Iv bought renewed from amazon on Apple items and honestly I highly recommend.


  Indistinguishable from new, immaculate in perfect working order


  Bought this for my wife. Delivered by Royal Mail a day earlier than expected, which was great. I know this is a reconditioned phone and priced accordingly, but it exceeded my expectations and it's a smashing phone for the money.My son set it all up properly and quite easily too. We are all very impressed with this phone - and reasonably priced too. It actually looks like a brand new phone and comes with a good charger and cable. It came with 20 minutes of battery life but quickly charges. I would suggest you fully charge the phone before setting it up.Please note, on the Amazon page for this iPhone, you have an option for adding a case and a screen protector, three items. However, the case comes with a screen protector, so you don't need to buy one. I didn't realise this and bought all three items together.


  Purchased this to replace an iPhone 6S which had developed a fault “ allegedly water damage” and voda phone would not replace under warranty. They wanted £300.00 to replace with a 6S. This was s better option. Phone like new and not a lot else I can say other than good value for money as far as iPhones go. I would certainly consider using this company again should the need arise. The only reason for giving 4 stars on battery life is all iPhones are terrible on battery life. No reflection on the supplier.


  Excellent next day delivery! Well packed and secured by seller. The iPhone 7 was as described, loos brand new no marks or scratches; it works flawlessly.The only low point is the battery cycle shows 209 used cycles but this acceptable as the phone is second hand.The phone came with charging cable no plug or headphones but that isn’t essential for me.I nearly sent item back as it wasn’t the colour preferred but kept it in the end seller was superb in dealing with any issues.


  I am really happy with this phone. Battery health is about 96% and I haven’t yet had a problem with it. I have had it for about a month and everything is working fine. No problems with loud speaker as some people have and it looked like new when I revived it; no scratches at all. It comes in the manufacturers box with a non apple charger and no ear phones but I had all that already anyway. I would recommend this seller


  Yes its your typical midrange Apple phone for around £200 I already have a Samsung S10plus and had before 3 years S8 plus but I wanted to try Apple for a while.Probably not as good at some things as Samsing ie copy and pasting , when I start to right an email address it completes but the Iphone has a clean ness and less interference from google that I like and its also smaller for the pocket ie getting n and out of a car. I like the camera on the Samsungs better especially the wide angle and of course being able to put in my own 250 G sd cards but Apple has its character and forgive some things nd there not the same age


  The phone came 1 day early inside was the phone a charging cable a sim car pin and a 30 day money back promise and a 12 month warranty i guaranty you wound not find a better phone like this on amazon the only thing that was a shame about this product wads that there was no earphones or headphone adaptor.


  I’m on a sim only plan and I love my plan more than I love my phones. I needed an upgrade to replace my iPhone 5s. I wasn’t expecting much from a refurbished iPhone but wow wow wow! It was like I bought it brand new. No sign of scratches anywhere. I was so clean and the battery life in the late 80%. I have had no problem with this phone at all. It arrived in a lovely Amazon renewed box instead of the original Apple case and a generic charger and no EarPods but that’s what was said on the description so I was expecting that. I love my new phone 


  Great so far!Bought this as my iPhone 6s battery life was awful. Couldn’t go a few hours without it dying on me, which not only annoying, but came to be a safety issue in a few instances.A few scratches on the body which is expected of a refurbished iPhone, but otherwise so far it works perfectly, and the battery life is muuuuuch better which is mostly what I wanted.


  I ordered the black iPhone 7 for my sons birthday before reading the reviews. It only dawned on me after I placed the order and the money had left my account that I hadn’t read the reviews. The negative reviews caused unnecessary panic. The phone arrived and it’s like brand new. No scratches And in immaculate condition. You can hear fine through the speaker and others can hear when making out going calls. I’m so pleased with this purchase and I would highly recommend to others.


  I was so pleased with this purchase that I placed another order direct with the company for another different IPhone (The iOutlet). For a refurbished phone this one arrived in good as new condition, the battery was at 80% but much better than expected. I would definitely recommend purchasing through this company, they are very trusted, honest and value for money!


  Fantastic phone from mazuma  Never bought renewed before but would recommend it. This phone is perfect 100% battery and all working very well.  Have had it a couple of weeks and no problems.  When received the charger did not work but I have an Apple charger and this works perfectly.  I am more than happy with this product. It’s a great upgrade that I could afford and will hang on to my 5S iPhone for use when in Australia  Really do recommend this


  Sceptical at first about buying a refurbished phone I am not disappointed.The phone is like new with the only blemish being a minor black inclusion or damage under the undamaged screen on the edge outside the touchscreen area.It's a purely cosmetic issue, which does not affect useage in any way.Battery life is as advertised and it is fully functional until now.Having a 1 year warranty is good value.


  Son is happy with it, everything works as it should. Only niggle for me was the casing was scratched a little and there was some scratches to the screen..only obvious when the screen was switched off.  Everything else was really good. Arrived very quickly as well.


  I'm very happy with what I ordered. The phone was in excellent condition! Thank you very much. I wasn't disappointed


  Does what is on the tin. Fast delivery , good looking unmarked phone.


  Does exactly what it is supposed to do.For a refurbished phone, it’s one of the better ones, you’ll be given a years warranty, which is unusual in itself.I’ve had no problems with the phone, but the settings themselves had not been reset, so check that before you set it up, it takes a couple of minutes then you’re ready to go.... all in all a good purchase.


  Very pleased with this phone. Seems like new except maybe the battery is say 85-90% instead of like new, but still very good and will no doubt last me a few years at a huge reduction in cost. Doubt I'll ever buy a new phone again !


  Great phone. Came 4 days early. Scratch proof. Pristine condition. Works and appears as a new phone. Updated fully to newest IOS.  Camera is clear and functions well. The battery life has a 75% capacity, but it charges to 100% fully and works as an IPhone should. You could possibly replace the battery at an Apple Manufacturer without any difficulty if you did want a better battery life, but for me- it works fine. There were some stickers marking the grade testing of the phone stuck onto the phone itself, leaving some minor sticker marks, but not too much of an issue. Overall, very satisfied! Don’t always read too much into the negative reviews- try it and it is covered fully by Amazon’s Refund and Replace scheme with a 1 year warranty insurance- so if you are unhappy, you should be able to return it at full price. £130 for a renewed phone still isn’t a bad price, even if it is 4/5 models old. 


  In a nutshell...First time cautious buyer of a refurbed Iphone from AmazonDecided to chose this company after reading positive reviews.Iphone was received as scheduled and well packaged.USB charging cable and multi USB socket wall charger also received which was a very pleasant surprise.Refurbed Iphone was in excellent condition. Casing is excellent. Screen is excellent and fully operational.Battery Health at 82% which isn't causing any issues.Software is fully functional and no issues.Overall an excellent refurbed phone and from my one and only purchase from them I would purchase again.


  Was a bit worried at first, with it being refurbished, but all is fine.  Phone is in very good condition (i would actually say perfect), it came with an original plug and USB cable.  If it wasn't for the fact it came in a plain box rather than an apple branded one, you wouldn't know any different.  It didn't come with headphones or a lightning to jack converter, but i didn't expect it to.  The only problem i did have (which isn't the fault of the seller) was the iPhone 7 takes a nano sim, and i didn't have one to hand, so needed to wait a few days before i could get one, but now i have, it's all working fine.


  Very pleased with my purchase of this iPhone 7. It came well presented in a box just like new. Not a single scratch on it. I will never buy a new phone again this is perfect. You really cannot tell it’s refurbished it’s as good as new. Having had problems in the past buying refurbished phones I will be sticking to this seller. Highly recommened.


  I really want to highlight the incredible customer service of the team at Mobile Reborn! Absolutely fantastic!I purchased a refurbished iPhone 7 from Mobile Reborn and the initial purchase was easy with fast delivery. Overall I was happy with the phone however I did encounter a couple of issues. I got in touch with the team to see if they could resolve these issues and I couldn't have received a warmer response! I first spoke to Lizzie who was helpful and was more than happy for the phone to be returned so they could fix the problem for me. From then I was assisted by the amazing Liv who was equally as helpful with quick responses to any queries I had. A real credit to their team!Will definitely use their business again and will recommend to any friends and family. A lovely experience!


  Suppliers delivered phone 3 days early,  phone in as new condition with no marks or scratches, phone comes unlocked so can be used on any network, important to note that the phone does not come in an apple box and does not come with any Apple accessories like charger or headphones, but apart from that well done excellent deal.


  This was advertised as being in as-new condition and unlocked. It was. Setup was the same as with a new phone. The battery was at 90% of the capacity of a new one which I think is fair.  Sound quality is what you’d expect for an iPhone: good but not amazing.


  I ordered the 128gb rose gold iphone not really knowing what to expect. Some of the reviews had said about audio being dodgy and microphones not working, or that the phone was bad quality. However, I am very pleased to say that I have had nothing but perfection from this phone. The camera is fantastic, no scratches and no issues. 100% battery capacity too. Everything listed in the description came as said, and for £200 too this is fantastic. Only thing I would fault is that it only came with a charging wire and not the actual plug. Also, no headphones/adaptor were included, so will have to buy one. But in general, it's a fantastic phone and for the price its absolutely spotless. Would definitely recommend.


  Ordered this on the 5th and it was back by 9th even tho it stated it would take at least 2 weeks... Its in great condition and so easy to use. I got this for my nephew and he loves it. He goes on about how good it is and how much he's loves it. Great prices as well with free delivery which is always a bonus. Even thinking about getting one for myself. Would definitely recommend buying one.


  Reviewing electronic goods directly after purchasing is potentially flawed because One doesn’t know when the item will break... sooner or later. However the purchase was was a good experience, the phone arrived as expected and so works flawlessly. The battery condition is not 100% but it’s a second hand phone so I expected that as it was reflected in the lower price compared to a new one!


  I’ve read a couple of reviews on this iPhone before and was hesitant but I thought I’d give it a shot since the price was very  reasonable. As I expected from reading other reviews the phone didn’t come in a iPhone original box or come with headphones. It came with an iPhone charger but it wasn’t apple original. Overall, I was very happy with this product especially because the iPhone itself was in perfect condition!


  The phone arrived ahead of the estimated delivery date and in near perfect condition. There are no obvious scratches on it and the touch screen works as though it was new. The battery health was over 90% and the mic/ear piece are in excellent condition. The fact it worked with my SIM card without having to fiddle around I'm really pleased I chose to get this instead of spending more money on an upgrade with my carrier and being tied in to a long contract. Overal I'm very happy with this product, it is also reassuring there is a returns policy to go with it should it develop any issues over the next few weeks.


  This iPhone is in immaculate  condition, like all iPhones it is easy to use,touchscreen is very clear,battery life seems to be good.It came with a charging lead and the tool to access the sim card. I consider this phone an excellent buy.


  after two months of use I can say I am very happy with this purchase. It works perfectly and it is brand new. The only not perfect thing the that the battery life was at 85%. However, this is still pretty good and it always last over a day. Kindly recommended.


  Great phone, like new. The battery does drain a little fast with heavy use but my phone will last more than a day with light use. iPhone 7 still runs smoothly on ios7. I am very happy with my purchase and would encourage others to buy this phone.


  Amazon Renewed, @£165 - almost half the price of a new one! So much phone for not a lot of money  it’s running the latest iOS and looks like a brand new phone - the Touch ID works perfectly, everything looks new. Battery health 97% out the box, should get a couple of years usage out of it and then replace it with an iPhone 11! Camera is perfect, much improved over my iPhone 6 it’s replacing.


  Love the phone. Exactly how I would expect. Can’t say about battery life as just got it but looking at the way the seller has packed and sent in a couple of days and that the phone can easily be mistaken for a brand new one I am sure I will have no trouble at all. Auto switch over from other phone. All great


  Bought this to replace an iPhone 5 for my daughter.  The phone arrived in great, like new,  condition and has been working with no issues at all. I’ve now ordered an iPhone 8 from the same seller: Kit-Gadgets.


  Bought for the wife as an upgrade to her troublesome Huawei Honor 6A and what a perfect upgrade from that phone it is.Apple all the way for us the camera is just sublime alway seems much cleaner sharper photos with all the apple products we've got.And so easy to use.Love Apple.


  Phone arrived a day earlier than expected, virtually spotless, with only the tiniest imperfections but no actual scratches or dents. Very clean, performs like new. Speakers and call quality great. Battery life is at around 92% capacity. Very satisfied and would highly recommend.(Doesn’t come with headphones or charger block, but with a charge/sync cable that works fine)


  Phone is like new.  I purchased this for myself as my old phone died on me.  It's perfect in every way and a brilliant price for such a large memory.  Received very quickly and well wrapped too.  I would purchase again.


  Battery lasts a lot longer than my previous phone 5S. Not too big for my small hands too. Screen is responsive. Phone is fast and does things fast. Cheap for what it is at the amazing of 128GB. Camera quality is good too. The in-built speaker is quite loud too.


  Arrived securely packaged in very quick time. Item in excellent renewed / refurbished condition. Device came charged ready for installation straight out of the box. Very pleased with customer service.


  Issue with Network set up resolvedvery helpful Manager  resolved the minor problem within a few hoursExcellent Service  Highly recommended  David in Southampton  A ++++


  I bought this I phone for my daughter as she needs one because I bought one for her a xmas and should have had warranty with it anyway she had only used it for 3 weeks and with no battery they would do nothing for her so she is very please with this one should have come to amazon before for phone thank you sue cole.


  First I would like to thank you for a fantastic phone, my son is very pleased so far, and you are right it has a good battery life and easy to use, over all I would recommend using this service again. .Regards Ken.


  I bought this renewed sim free iPhone 7 for my sons birthday. I was a bit dubious regarding the screen quality when buying it being renewed but it arrived next day and was in perfect condition. The Front and back of phone was immaculate. Also came with 12 months guarantee. Would definitely recommend 


  Battery life is an issue easily fixed by setting low power mode when not in big style  (it’s got 128GB inside)use.Item condition flawless.It’ll store movies, I’m careful what I let my cloud backup or it’ll cost a lot.I love this phone.


  Previously i had an iphone 5c which i liked and even bought a replacement battery off Amazon for it but it froze on me a couple of times and i knew a change was coming. I purchased this iphone 7, also from Amazon. It was easy to set up and obviously similar to to the iphone 5c to use so didn't take much getting used to. Battery life is even better than my 5c even after the new battery.


  Delighted, so far with both the condition of product and the quality of service. Next day delivery, as good as new / pristine condition, and with battery at 87%, it’s as good as I could reasonably have hoped for.  There are always doubts with renewed products, but the 12 month warranty is reassuring. And the iPhone 7 works as well as expected, a welcome update to my iPhone 6s in terms of speed and improved storage size. Will update if any issues.


  Best option when phone contract is up but a reconditioned phone go sim only saves a fortune and this phone is like new I am really happy with it no problems


  I bought one about six weeks ago for myself.  So pleased with it I bought another for my wife.  Prompt delivery even in these difficult times and again excellent condition.


  My iPhone 7 had a broken screen and the battery needed charging all the time.  I thought I would try a renewed one and I have not been disappointed.


  I bought an iPhone 7 126GB from this seller, first refurbished item I've ever bought and I'm very happy with it so far. I was impressed by its pristine condition, it really has no marks or signs of use whatsoever. I've been using it for three days only but had no issues so far, all seems to work well. Battery life is also at 84%, which is pretty good. Very good experience so far


  An outstanding iPhone for an outstanding price. It looks & handles like new at a fraction of the price.  I brought a case for it so you can not see any marks.


  the phone arrived a week earlier than expected, looks amazing, you can't even tell that it has been used before.it works well and was put back to factory settings, the only problem i did have was trying to transfer everything from my old phone to this new one but that's just because i'm bad with technology, if you are looking for a refurbished phone then this one is great :)


  Second one purchased to date and I’m definitely going to buy the third for Xmas. Looks like brand new not a mark on it. Very impressed


  Daughter absolutely loves her new phone and I really can't believe how quickly it was delivered, next day when I was expecting it in a few days


  At first the phone got hot too quick but after a week or two of use it got better, my daughter is now happy with this phone, thanks


  I’m quite happy with my purchase, the phone is sim free, had literally no scratches on, and generally works like a new one. No charging issues either.


  Phone has been perfect, arrived in good condition, well packed and presented(not original packaging) been used for 10 months now and no probs so far. What else can you ask for!!


  I absolutely love it. Only downside was no instruction manual or ear phones but I can buy them separately next month x


  After two attempts to buy decent iPhone on EBay from serious sellers I gave up, decided to try on amazon, in result i get perfect phone with original screen for few buck more but much more less hassle, working for now perfectly.


  Well it works, which is great for my lovely Wife. As with all Apple products it has no ability to store Electricity, maybe its the lack of Vitamin D in Scotland.


  Arrived earlier than expected. Well packaged to avoid any damage. The phone was in perfect condition. Battery on full charge lasted 3 days so very pleased.


  I'm not going to do yet another review of an iPhone. This is a refurb and as such it was good value for money.


  This item was like new. A bit difficult to set up but pleased with it and love the memory size. Great value.


  Looks & works like brand new bought for grandson he loves it speedy delivery & great service would recommend


  Love this.. refurbished iPhone, not a mark or scratch on it!! Looks absolutely brand new.Thank you so much.


  We brought this item at the beginning of April and the first one we received didn’t work to standards but after being in contact with them they happily offered another one or a full refund so we asked for a replacement and that one is perfect. Thank you my son loves his new phone


  my wife had a windows phone and struggled with it , she had an ipod which she liked so i got an iphone as this should help her. Its renewed which means it arrived without and scratches and looked brand new, i would buy again for myself when mine gives up the ghost. I would certainly not pay apples retail cost for new.


  Great phone looks as new, works fast to retrieve data that I am looking for. It’s just as the website says great value for money. I’m very pleased with my purchase


  Even though it's a second hand phone it looks like brand new. No scratches, nothing. Very good and fast service. Probably, I will have some battery life problems in the future, but you can easily fix this. Excellent price for the product and the storage (128GB)


  Fabulous service and phone works and looks perfect!Highly recommended


  Go this for my partner and its perfect, as good as new. She lives it as her old phone died and this was much better than buying a brand new one for her.


  Arrived on time. Well packaged with a cable and socket for U.K. as well as small pin for SIM card. Just a bit of damage on the frame as shown in photo (I don’t mind at all, just a small one. Totally fine for me. But just a information for people who care). Battery life is 100%. Surprisingly!(Amazon renew guarantee 80% of battery life)Satisfy with everything. Thank you so much.


  Great iPhone, Only buy if you already have the accessories, for example Earphones, case! But it is a great Phone! It is not a Detective Phone.


  Very pleased with the purchase. Naturally I worried about this type of purchase but the phone arrived promptly in perfect working order, it looked brand new and we’ve had no issues so far. Thank you. I would buy again from this company.


  Product as promised, fast delivery, works fine!


  I like my iPhone I am happy with my purchase


  This product is in amazing condition, in fact it looks new with no wear marks at all.Very well packaged. I am truly impressed with this seller if only all sellers were as good as this one.


  I wanted a newer iPhone but didn't want to pay an extortionate price. The iPhone 7 in black didn't disappoint. It is as good as new with no scratches and a 91% battery health. The touch screen works great and its fast. I've had it for approx 2 weeks now with no problems. Very good value for money


  The battery started to die after 2 weeks


  Never bought a reconditioned phone before & the price was on the lower end of some that I had seen so I was slightly nervous, but I didn’t need to be. My Phone arrived a day earlier than expected, and in fantastic condition. No scratches or marks on the phone or screen & it works perfectly. Thank you so much! Would highly recommend


  Great phone fir a good price.  Came within 100% battery health and works perfectly.  Thank you!!


  When I ordered I was afraid, but when arrived I was very satisfied. It arrived with screen protector glass on it and the phone was like brand new. Not problems at all, 100% battery health and perfectly working touchscreen. Would 100% recommend


  I got the iPhone 7 gold 32GB and it was in perfect condition there was no sign of use, only thing that was t so good was that it didn’t come with earphones and since it didn’t have a headphone jack I will have to buy new earphones. Over all it is a brilliant phone.


  Love this phone. It is comfortable to hold and easy to use.am extremely pleased with this purchase


  This phone is brilliant and works great has one should


  Nothing to dislike now need to check out the phone which looks like new


  Quite happy very good order throu out would but from them again


  For sure you get what you have paid for, the battery capacity is at 96% which is perfect, no scratches, it was unlocked which was my big concern, because I have seen pictures and reviews and I was worried that is gonna come damaged( but I can say that the phone is good)


  Absolutely brilliant phone it’s like it was brand new from Apple. Fast internet connection, speaker is great also very good with ear phones some phones lose sound but this has been great packaged well and arrived early brilliant.


  When I opened the box I thought the phone was brand new, it’s that good.Delivery was a little later than promised but that’s not down to the seller. Overall very pleased with the product and would recommend this company to anyone. Thank you


  Very efficient service good quality refurbished product , like new, very pleased with an excellent purchase


  Good phoneWhen I revived the Phone the Setting on The aside was on Silent which I was going to send it back my faultGood company to by From


  This beautiful iPhone  was in a as new condition, does everything you would want on a Phone!Wonderfull piece of kit.


  As new condition with 92% battery capacity and sold at a very fair price in comparison with other suppliers for a similar refurbished item.  Comes with charger, lead and handy sim tool. Recommended!


  The phone is for my sons 24th Birthday on 1st May x


  Looks like new. Very happy with this phone. Battery is ok - about 85%.


  Works exactly as expected, no faults found as of yet. The phone is in great condition, no scratches or anything of that sort.Extremely fast delivery, ordered on the Sunday, was delivered on the Tuesday (wasn’t expected until Saturday!).Overall, I’m extremely happy with my purchase!


  Bought phone doesn’t work. Can’t hear the caller or talk, think it’s a joke that something got sent out in such a state as this. Hopefully can be rectified and this customer made happy again !


  Bought as a replacement phone worth every penny


  Working well so far. Was a little worried buying second hand phone but happy it comes with 1 year warranty.


  I dropped my phone down the loo so ordered like for like, it’s better than the iphone I had as battery needed replacing and home button was sticking so really pleased and quick delivery. Thank you


  Had to send phone back it was faulty. Got a refund


  Would but from this seller very pleased with the I phone


  Can't believe this phone is not brand new perfect this is my third phone to purchase and all were perfect I am very happy


  Fantastic supplier, excellent service for a great deal.


  Excellent


  Fab, phone was like new, everything worked as expected, came in original box


  Perfect.  Grade ‘A’ as advertised.  Absolutely mint.  No 5v charger but wire was new.  Completely recommend.


  Excellent value refurbished phone. It’s really like brand new.  Haven’t used it yet as it’s a Christmas present but first impressions very good!


  Really pleased with iPhone 7 would definatly recommend, price was good too!


  Very surprised how pristine it was, the screen was like brand new and it had a new battery inside, other then a few minor scratches which can be easily hid with a phone screen, it was perfect! And the delivery was way faster then I’ve expected, it came the next day with free delivery.


  Better than expected,no Marks or scuffs to be found, brilliant!


  Great renewed  apple i phone 7 just what my grandaughter wanted.


  This order came before it was expected, this product is almost like it’s been bought by the apple store straight off! Very very impressed!!


  Excellent item - good as newI really cannot fault this phone. Not a scratch on it, you’d never know it was refurbished. All running just as I’d expect. I can thoroughly recommend this item from the seller.


  Perfect phone with good price I recommend very happy


  A good and well received  birthday gift for 14yr old son.No issues and in good condition.


  My phone came a day earlier, and came in a plain card box, however came with the real apple charger. No blemishes whatsoever. Once I had set it up I checked and found out my battery life is at 100%! Really good value! Really recommend! I upgraded from an SE to this and found its a great phone!


  My daughter loves the phone I would buy from here again thanks :)


  As described and quick delivery


  Absolute bargain no problem at all


  Very good value does the trick


  unwanted gift , returned back


  All good, phone as described. Battery life excellent. Responsiveness good no lag. Phone in excellent condition, it was bought to replace a broken  I phone 10 and no complaints at all from the teenage user.


  At the moment very pieased


  Amazing condition for the price! Speedy delivery, would definitely recommend


  Phone arrived at it looks brand new I’m loving it I know people will have opinions that are negative but to me it’s fast does everything looks good sounds good a big upgrade for me from a 5s to a 7 but for me it’s a great phone


  Had an iPhone 7 before the battery went dud, so I’m used to the functions, I’ll buy another one when this ones times up.


  Is like new ,happy with .


  Bought this phone for my partners birthday and he is over the moon with it.


  The phone has worked out far better than I had hoped for a second-hand phone. The battery was at 90%, hardly had a scratch, and have had no problems with it so far. I would highly recommend buying from this seller.


  Bought for my niece, she loves it and is perfect for what she wanted and great price


  I was surprised with this purchase. I was expecting so failures but there is nothing wrong with the iPhone 7.


  Nice phone good condition battery life could be better


  love this i phone 7 perfect as i had 6 but same size which is what i wanted


  Came as expected no scratches, clean, jet black and looks brand new. This is the second phone I bought from this seller and I recommend others to buy your phone from them. Fair price and good quality phone.


  As described. Excellent condition!


  Excellent product. Everything is in as new condition. Would thoroughly recommend


  Excellent phone. Just Like new. What more can you want?


  Great condition


  As good as new


  Great value for money . No scratches and looks as good as new .


  Great phone easy use


  Working good thanks


  Excellent! Very pleased with this purchase.


  Very pleased, like new phone all working and decent battery,


  Great price and in brilliant condition, would recommend supplier


  So far I like everything although it is still early daysNow it’s weeks later I can say it is absolutely brilliant, it’s the Best Buy this year so far, thanks Amazon, I love my phone and couldn’t live without it


  Excellent delivery service and all in working order! 2nd purchase in little over a year and very happy!


  Slight scratch refurbished


  I was recommended to buy a refurbished phone and was sceptical. However, it’s perfect wouldn’t be able to tell at all, brand new and exactly what I wanted. Delivery was really quick, Thank you x


  Made up


  Arrived fast , handy refurbished phone


  My son was so happy


  Product came really fast, ordered on Thursday or Friday and arrived on Sunday.90% battery health relative to new.All features enabled, mint condition.For a fraction of the price of a new phone, pretty ideal.


  Excellant phone  like new works perfectly


  Excellent quality


  Updated an old phone


  Great looking phone and works fine, thank you.I do however seem to have a problem connecting with your app to confirm my warranty? I keep getting the message that I need an internet connection?


  I really like it as it is still looks new and you can use it for the same time as if it is new


  Bought this for my daughter’s 9th birthday. It’s a fab phone and everything works as it should. Was a bit worried about buying a phone that was renewed but I needn’t have been as this is like new and a great first iPhone for my daughter.


  Fantastic phone! It’s my first iphone and i was a little wary at buying a refurbished one, but i love it! I particularly love the colour (red). It is in brilliant condition and looks brand new. It came with sim tool, plug and charging cable. No headphone though.Thank you.


  Really enjoying my iphone7 - best iPhone I have had; particularly love the large (256Gb) storage. Great value for money


  Really good very happy customer


  Fabulous  item. I was dubious at first but then when I took it from the box and it looked new and works well.


  Very good value for money. Genuine product and arrived in perfect condition


  I was apprehensive buying a refurbished phone online but i 100% do not regret it now. With super fast delivery, it arrived packaged excellently and in supreme condition. The phone practically looks new!! I would recommend to anyone x


  Delivery came quickly. Very good condition. Not yet powered it up to try the sim as it's a present. Really pleased.


  Came a day early, and must say thought it would’ve been worst but came perfectly like new. Packaging was expected, came with different box(not original box) but still well delivered and presented.Very impressed


  I use it for everything and after already using an iphone it backed all my details up including pictures which i was desperate to keep.It arrived in excellent condition and looks brand new.


  Best decision I have made buying this phone and it was such a good pice it came unlocked and with a charger wire.The only downside was no headphones or plug but your getting a amazing deal anyway


  Item arrived promptly & as described.


  Seemingly looks and works like new......


  After losing my iPhone 6 in the canal, this was the perfect replacement. It’s great if you’re looking for an up-to-date  phone that doesn’t leave a huge dent in your pocket. Like a brand new iPhone. Very pleased.


  Well worth the money would certainly recommend buying a refurbished iPhone.


  I purchased this for a friend who needed an iPhone. The price was great for an iPhone 7 256gb storage and the phone is like new. Battery life seems fine and friend very happy with phone


  Spot on


  Good easy to use


  It was better as we thought.The phone had only a very tiny scratch, the battery it’s ok and everything works perfectly.Great balance price/quality.


  Only just got it. Turned it on and it seems fine. Great condition too. Not had a chance to check it over time as it's a present for my daughter's Christmas. Time will tell but initial impression is first class


  New phone, technophobe... but it’s working well


  Delighted with my new phone, camera takes excellent photos


  Really nice phone! All as described.


  Great refurbished phone


  Good product


  I have bought this for my son for his 10th birthday next month and it’s arrived in absolutely perfect condition, not a single mark on it. Very high quality for a refurbished phone. Excellent will use again


  I was a little concerned as I have never bought a phone from Amazon before. I did not need to worry! The phone is like new and I have had no problems at all. Service was excellent also. Highly recommended.


  Arrived quickly and in very good condition. Plenty of storage and is unlocked to all sims as described. Battery not brilliant but to be expected from a re-furb and it does say this in product description.


  I am so pleased with my purchase the packing was layered which was a big bonus when it arrived I was abit sceptical when I made my purchase and I’m so glad I did. It looks brand new and works perfect thumbs up from me


  Excellent quality phone no problems as yet and cheaper than elsewhere


  Outstanding condition and value the phone was exactly as described and worked perfect .


  Looks Brand New. Works perfectly! I will definitely use these sellers again! Why pay more. Excellent Value!


  STILL WORKING WELL SEVERAL MONTHS ON


  I decided to change a refurbished phone to replace my existing phone and very happy I did. Looks brand new and came with appropriate charger. Came quickly. Can recommend.


  Very happy with this purchase! The phone looks almost like new and works like brand new. No signs of being touched  inside. I highly recommend it... plus it has one year warranty. ✔️


  The phone was delivered earlier than the expected date. It looks brand new in perfect working condition. Also, the phone was unlocked and takes my UK sim. Overall, happy with the purchase.


  So far so good. Looks like new,unmarked. Only power lead no plug or phones.


  Excellent condition, working fine. I am wondering why there is no earphone port, did you replace that with stereo speakers? Apart from that, awesome phone!


  I have used this for one month now . It works flawlessly and I am really impressed with the price to quality ratio . The camera is great , the mic is great and the battery lasts all day. I can’t complain .


  Fantastic birthday present for our daughter. She was delighted.


  Very good


  Excellent condition. Like the larger screen. Very happy with prompt delivery. Enjoying my new phone


  Looked like brand new and performs very well indeed.


  My son LOVED it!


  Very good condition and like new.


  The phone was like brand new. Factory reset with not a mark on it. Warranty period is the standard most places are giving and it was delivered really quickly. Really pleased, thank you.


  Very good for the money I pay for


  Had trouble once before with a refurbished phone but this has been absolutely spot on. Can’t fault it


  Very pleased, just as described , am pleased with  the speed it wa delivered too!


  Good


  Great


  Why pay more!  Look as good as new when it arrived and saved a fortune.


  Exellent


  Vary easy to transfer over files from previous phone and easy to use, usual high standards expected from Apple. Received in excellent condition for a refurbished phone and very quick delivery.


  It’s like new, I’ve only had it for a day but so far it’s so good! Just be aware though it doesn’t come with the earphone adapters which you’ll have to get or obviously the headless earphones.


  This iphone 7 works great, just as advertized.  I'm glad I bought this one rather than a brand new one for twice the price or more.  Also, it was delivered even faster than promised.  Thanks.


  Delivered promptly, just like new really, great saving on new model.


  Service was quick and phone was unmarked. Took a while to transfer info from old windows phone but once done all great. Chose this phone a same model as my work phone which I’m used to using


  Good price for the phone. Good conditions and fast delivery


  Great value, looks good and works well, very happy


  Bought this for my wife. She loves the colour and design. Mainly the ease of use with Apple.Also, showing it to her friends "it's not any old phone, it's an Apple"


  Got for girlfriends mother she had other brand off phone. She finds it so much easier to use .


  An efficient superb delivery experience. Phone working very well. A worthwhile price.


  I haven’t finished setting the phone up yet but so far I’m delighted- it’s like brand new, came in an apple box with charger and sim pin. Excellent.


  Perfect working order and excellent condition.


  Product arrived quicker than expected and was in perfect condition. You would never have known it was reconditioned. The battery health was also at 100%.  Would buy again.


  Great company to buy from, phone was in brand new perfect condition unlocked with new charger and the wee key thing,, would recommend


  Brilliant. Arrived today and in pristine condition. Came with charger and sim tool in a plain box. Very happy so far.


  Very happy with this product, very quick delivery, it arrived in excellent condition and I been using it for approx 10 days with no issues or obvious faults!


  Excellent value. Phone looks like brand new and works as New.  Daughter really pleased - loves it.


  Had several phones from this seller. Excellent quality and speedy delivery. Recommended


  Great phone; superb quality. Thank you


  Top Quality, new battery installed it seems, barely any ware on the phone, looks practically branded new, recommend


  not had it long so cant tell ya much but it looks and feels great looks like new not one scratch on it


  I’m very glad, everything is perfect even the battery.


  I bought this for my daughters birthday. It arrived promptly, only thing I wasn't pleased about was the state of the charging plug it was all battered and marked.


  Great communication from seller, phone looks as good as new. Battery life not great but apart from that would definitely use seller again


  Good


  Very happy with my iphone7 , no scratches works amazing


  Amazing product for the price, will order again for sure in the future


  I bought this iPhone as a present form my wife. the phone arrived earlier then  expected. the condition of the phone is as good as new. many thanks


  Can t fault item, good value for money.my daughter is using it now for a good month. No issues. Happy customer!


  Great product, almost new


  All good. Up to now.


  Good condition


  No problems


  Excellent, not a single mark on it and 100% battery life, plus a 1 year guarantee, absolutely brilliant. Looked at a few refurbished suppliers and refurbo came out the best.


  It’s an ok phone


  It is amazing quality. It is like new. Working excellent. Really like it.


  I have nothing to dislike about this iphone 7Excellent valueDelivered on time Would not hesitate to deal with this  ompany again


  very good product, all good.


  Came earlier than expected, looks like new! Amazing. Thank you


  thank you very happy


  Very pleased with it


  Works and looks good. Fast delivery


  Was sceptical about buying a refurbed phone, but so far so good1.  Would reccomend.


  I ordered iphone 7 came with charging cable , very clean phone and working perfectly , no problem at all , very happy will be ordering again . Would defo recommend


  Good phone but the screen has been replaced as is a little unresponsive/jumpy sometimes.will serve its purpose though!


  Excellent service and an even better after sales services definitely recommend


  This has got a 5 star because it is just as new as a brand new iPhone it’s not fake easy to use I recommend you to buy this if your looking for a cheap iPhone 7


  like the phone good deal thanks


  The phone looks good to look at but dunno how it works cos it’s for a present


  Replacing my old simple phone I wanted to begin with an economical alternative to learn from. This met the bill perfectly.


  very good


  Only problem was there was no sim card tray so i had to order one separately.


  So far is working perfectly and no scratches at all looks new


  Was very surprised how good a condition the phone was in, not a scratch on it.The battery health was 100% when I checked so I have got practically a brand new phone at a fraction of the cost of a new one.


  Very good but it’s receiving call voice problem


  Spot on


  The phone is compact, easy to use& I like the “health” app . The only problem I have is the apple password etc, I just can’t seem to get it done.


  Great phone very pleased


  Every day use


  Was an excellent phone I was delighted and in very good condition . Thanks


  Excellent item,  fast delivery, cheers


  Bought for a birthday present child very happy


  Really please great product great price 


  Good phones like new. Quick delivery and arrived earlier than expected.


  I needed to buy an iPhone for a Christmas present, and this was a perfectly acceptable and far cheaper way of doing so


  I phone was in excellent new looking condition, no downsides at all. Very pleased


  Happy enough with the renewed iPhone 7 it’s a good upgrade from my iPhone 6 and you can get the larger 128 gb memory.  Straightforward carefree shopping


  The battery goes down rather quickly but the phone is as good looking as new and all the other features works fine . My daughter loves it .


  I am very happy with my new iPhone 7 looks great and battery life is good too...


  good condition.  looks like new


  The iPhone was amazing it was just like a brand new one it is a great gift for your child or yourself


  very nice phone for the price


  I was nervous buying the phone as it seemed to good to be true.. but so far so good. The phone comes with original box and was perfect.. just like new..


  Phone has been great with no issues experienced, especially since it’s a refurbished one.


  Again for my husband for Christmas,  he will love it x


  My daughter was chuffed to bits with her iPhone 7 I braught for her 12th birthday there's been , no issues... She's really happy with it.. Thankyou..


  What a fabulous phone I expected a refurbished phone to have some scratches, but this phone is perfect very happy with this purchase


  Couldn’t be happier - I think this described as in‘very good’ condition, I can’t fault it - based on this I won’t ever bother buying a new contract phone again


  Arrived early and the phone was exactly as advertised.  Delighted with bother product and the service.  Would definitely use again.


  Was in a very good condition, almost new, no scratches or even minor damages noted.


  I bought 1 of these for my wife and it arrived very quickly and was like new.No scratches at alland worked perfectly.


  Excellent phone my daughter is well happy for her 16th birthday! Thanks


  Perfect purchasing!! Amazing price/quality product!!Delivery on time! Couldn’t ask for more!I’m super happy with my new phone :)


  I absolutely love this phone. This is my first iPhone but have been truly converted to Apple now. So easy to use too.


  Good phone


  The phone arrived a lot earlier than stated. It looks brand new. No marks nothing. Like it was fresh out the shop. Thank you very much. Really pleased


  Very very happy with this purchase...product exactly as advertised by seller! Really enjoying the product well!


  Used this product as upgrade from my iPhone 5. Everyone noted the difference in camera quality immediately. Works perfectly. Very happy


  Can’t fault this purchase, great price, arrived in 24hours, pristine like new.Would thoroughly recommend


  Arrived earlier than expected. Works like new. Battery life not incredible but standard for iPhone


  Arrived brand new. Amazing value, no scratches, battery great. Came with charger. I’m very happy :) Maybe order another one for my sis.


  Just what Daughter wanted... as new condition and no issues.Fast delivery...very impressed.


  Excellent. Great phone delivered fast. Can’t tell not new highly recommend


  Brilliant phone my son loves it


  Like new


  My son is over the moon with his phone.Would never have known it wasn't 'new'.Thanks very much.


  I am very pleased with this product as it is an upgrade from my faulty i Phone 5. Just the job.


  Great, order arrived a day early and in great condition and perfect working order. Highly recommend. Plus excellently packaged 


  As described


  I recommend this saler phone is good and is working very well. I have phone for week and I don't have problems let see later.Thank you very much to sealer


  Great buy - would recommend


  I brought this phone for my daughter and was as good as new.


  bought for my teenage son. excellent condition. he is very happy with it. came well in time for Christmas


  It’s very good! Battery life lasts about 3 or 4 hrs of some heavy gaming,light gaming,watching and some web browsing.


  I’m actually so surprised at how good quality this iPhone was! Thought with the price tag I was bound to get a dud.


  Bought iPhone 7, 128 Gb, from GoodbyeTech and arrived in excellent conditions.


  Very happy  - received on time, good communication with the seller, good experience all round! Thanks


  Bought this IPHONE for my daughter fantastic value for money. She loves it!!!


  I am delighted so far after a couple of months. You would be hard pushed to tell this refurbished phone from a brand new one.


  Honestly I thought the phone was brand new!  arrived when it said, charger lead as well, absolute mint condition. Really pleased


  Phone is like new, not a mark on it.  Good delivery nice and fast. Will definitely purchase from you again. Thanks


  Works fine.


  Almost 1 year since purchase and the phone has been perfect! No problems or issues at all. Highly recommend.


  Arrived next day despite Xmas holidays. As new condition. 1 daughter very pleased.


  Very happy with this phone!


  Such quick delivery and phone works perfectly! No issues at all! Even included a charger! Thank you so much!


  Just like new, great phone


  As described. In good working order.


  We bought the phone for our son - so not a heavy user. But it looked great, works just fine.


  Great price, phone in perfect condition. Like unused and came with a glass screen protector.


  Ordered on a Sunday and it came two days later even though Monday was a bank holiday. Very pleased. Phone looked new


  Everything as inspected


  Arrived next day after ordering . Very pleased so far.


  Working perfectly, no scratches or marks. However, it takes a long time to charge and drains quickly


  Happy . Good value very  sharp images . Good camera .


  Good quality for money. Got the iphone 7 32GB and it looks like brand new! Also, it came earlier than expected !


  Excellent price for this product


  Love it !!!


  Ordered this phone for my daughter. Great next day delivery. Product is really good. Would definatly recommend.


  I like Apple devices endlessly. This one is simple, elegant and smart️Thank you!


  Great phone. No scratches on front or back as I might have expected from a refurbished phone for a good price.


  Difficult to tell it from new


  My Iphone 7 is great! Thank you sellerLooks like brand new no scrach no sign of useThis is what Expected;)


  I got extra gig for very cheap going from 16 to 250 for only another £30


  Every day life


  Phone is slow and was in ok condition but can tell it’s used


  My daughter was over the moon with her phone. It looked brand new. And was quick delivery ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐


  Supplied recall quickly. Great service and product exactly as described


  As good as new and great value for money if you don't want to fork out for a new Iphone!!!


  I had issues with the battery! Thanks for the assistance.


  Couldn’t find a mark on it, great price brilliant condition, will definitely buy from this sellar again.


  Very happy with the phone. My only fault was didn't  come with earphones but otherwise extremely  happy.


  Came like new without the Apple case but my phone works perfectly well like a new iPhone 7!


  When reading the reviews I was sceptical about buying the product but when it arrived it works perfect.


  Ordered online on the Tuesday night and came a day earlier than expected.Feels brand new!! Thanks


  Granddaughter loves it


  Product as described. Accessible customer service answered my question quickly and easily


  Love my new phone. Will definitely buy my next phone from here, arrived promptly as new.


  I’m using the phone to write this review. Trippy. 5 stars tho gg


  Impressed with phone


  Great


  Amazing product like new!Good job.


  Very pleased with my phone like brand new good price  would recommend 


  Love it


  This product is exactly what I needed. Delivered a week earlier than expected , we’ll done and thank you


  Bought iPhone 7 for my daughter.Received phone yesterday.Looks fantastic ... given it a good charge ready for the big daySo far ... so good 


  Great


  Excellent refreshed phone


  The best deal I have ever bought .Worth the price


  Turned up on time, packing was good. Phone as it stated. No complaints all good.


  I loved it very well recommended


  Exactly as described, a perfect replacement phone for my teenager.


  Brought This for my niece so easy too use and set up, was in fab condition. One happy girl


  Thank you, iPhone arrived very promptly and just as advertised. Very pleased.


  Excellent condition Great seller, I’m well happy with my purchase


  Used phones battery life around 75-80%. So these are about 2 year old phones.


  Good price prompt delivery. Quality as described


  Light new after reading reviews I checked Camera speaker and all seems fine recommend it


  Exactly what I wanted and needed and comes with a charger too which was a nice surprise


  Extremely impressed! The phone is like new! And the price were great tooThank you


  iPhone


  Great phone well worth the price


  So far very satisfied with my purchase


  Happy with the purchase. The customer care is supportive too.


  This product arrived promptly and is in very good condition for a re-furbished phone.


  Very happy with the condition of the phone thanks


  Excellent. As good as new.


  Everything works great and looks good


  Great unlocked phone and came before estimated delivery date


  Bought this for my daughter, very happy with the phone and she loves it


  Looks new and working well for now.Bought with lot of hesitation about refurbished phone to my son but it appears new.


  Great product. No difference between it and a brand new one. Love the jet black too


  Great service. First refurbished phone I bought. Very goid indeed. Would use again.


  This purchase meets all my expectation . I am very happy to recommend the supplier.


  Immaculate phone works perfectly


  Love this iPad! Clear screen and clean pictures and easy to set up


  As new product, delighted with it.


  Good value of the money..


  Very good price and a great phone very happy


  I’m so pleased! It’s like new. And it arrived a day earlier when I really needed it. Many thanks


  Product as described


  Great phone good battery life perfect size would recommend to all


  Immaculate phone.  Like new.  Great service from TechGlobal.


  I bought this as a Christmas present and the condition is excellent


  Great product, Great quality as if it was brand new.


  Does exactly what it’s made for, good price.


  Great purchase fir my mum ❤️


  Excellent


  Perfect state for a second hand phone !


  A great present


  I bought for my mam and she loves it


  Personal use and a great phone of great quality


  Just like new. Really great product


  This is such a good phone t would get this phone again thanks Amazon I love this shop


  Very pleased with phone


  Replacement for iphone5. Pleased with purchase


  Amazing service, genuinely a great products as described. Thank you. Awesome


  Great phone


  5 stars


  Good value


  Good phone


  Prompt delivery of the product. Condition as advertised.


  Replacement for broken phone  same model as I am used to


  Appears to be good a quality refurbished phone, also quick delivery.


  Phone in prefect condition no issues and the delivery was one day!!


  Great


  Great phoneThe delivery was soooooo fast I was very impressed


  I like this phone because it works properly and there are no issues


  The battery is not good 10 mims and gone of


  The phone is working perfectly Worth every penny x


  Brilliant I love it


  Great , only thing - battery life is short


  As advertised in great shape. No complain.


  Can’t complain it’s immaculate


  Brilliant great quality great condition fast delivery


  Like new


  Brilliant phone works lovely looks like a brand new phone


  Came brand new and ready to use. No issues as of yet


  The iPhone is great but not long battery life really


  Delivered on time, we'll packaged nice phone with all the items.


  The phone is like new, I’m very pleased.


  great


  On time Delivery, Received product as expected loved it thanks.


  Brilliant, works like a brand new phone


  Perfect phone . Great price


  Came as Expected expected and works perfectly fine


  It's my personal phone and it's a gem


  Does exactly what it says on the tin!


  Very pleased with this


  Brilliant phone, looks and performs like new.  Great service


  As new, worked straight from the box


  Does the job


  Really happy! Good as new and works perfectly.


  Very happy, quick delivery, well packaged thanks very much


  Very good purchase worth the money


  Nice phone no problems


  Fab product as new quick delivery


  Was exactly as expected can’t fault product


  Works well just like new and came next day


  Very good condition with 100% battery life


  As described and packed great.


  This is a really good but 100% would recommend buying


  Everything worked as expected


  Good product, looks like new.


  Very good very quick delivery works really well battery life is great


  It’s fantastic


  The price and the condition of the phone


  Nice quality, look like new.


  Extremely happy , v good condition, would recommend


  Good


  Good phoneDisappointed with the battery life


  first class product and fast delivery


  very pleased with my iphone, great quality like brand new


  No apparent problems, everything is working fine


  Good Quality


  Very pleased


  Perfect condition. Absolutely love it


  Perfect it is exactly as it states


  Bargain


  Very quick delivery. Product is new, very good


  Iphone7 in great condition it looks like new.


  Good quality, as new.


  Great phone works well easy to use set up .


  Great, as expected


  Very tidy like new


  Great product and great prompt service! Thank you guys


  Phone worked as promised. Prompt service.


  Side off button hard to press


  Very satisfied with the phone


  Prefect


  Great


  Phone came the next day works fine and good battery life


  Brilliant phone, works as if brand new!


  It’s great phone well worth the price thanks


  Quality is ok


  Doesn't have any significant issues


  So far works perfectly.


  Great value


  looked like new. Excellent product


  My sun is very happy. Told its very good thone


  I don't receive the headphones...


  Easy to use very good


  Storage is great and easy to use


  Christmas present very satisfied


  My son is very happy


  A+


  Came within 3days, works fine.


  Excellent condition very happy


  Was very happy with iPhone 7,


  Works brilliantly


  Love it better then iPhone 6


  my granddaughter


  Currently performing well


  Excellent service and phone


  Yes


  good fast reliable service


  Super little phone regards


  Very good


  It was perfect thank you.


  Excellent purchase thank you


  Great quality


  Great phone


  totally as described


  All round fantastic


  Perfect


  Good value handset


  I really like this


  Excellent purchase


  Perfect condition!


  I’m happy with it


  Great - no issues


  Good


  Good


  Value for money


  A


  Good servece


  Good


  Easy to use


  good iphone


  Berry good .. its new not used one verry neat no scratches awesome  product ...


  Very good


  Thank you


  Brilliant


  Good buy


  Amazing


  Perfect


  Like a brand new one, so far so good. Another good purchase from Amazon


  Ideal


  Exactly as described. Cheers


  Good


  


  Great phone.


  It was a as i like expected!


  Great


  It was a good phone


  Just like new, the phone arrived fast well packaged not in an iPhone box, with charger wire but no apple plug. Overall very pleased!


  I was a bit skeptical cause I saw some 1-star reviews before i got it, but I have to admit everything seems perfect. True, the wire-less earbuds are missing but that was mentioned in the description in the first place.


  Does the job


  Sold by ADMI the best!! Received fast and immaculate condition!!! Couldn’t even find a scratch!!!!! I RECOMMEND ADMI UK LIMITED!


  As new . Great product


  The phone were delivered very quicker and arrived inserted my sim and just like that I was connected to the world......


  I like this phone because apparently is a new item without problems. The price and value is best in the market...


  item arrived in A1 condition with a charger and lead - excellent love my newish Iphone 7


  Perfect. Doesn’t look refurbished at all


  Cracking condition and no problems


  Phone is spot on for a refurb.


  Large screen and easy to navigate


  Very quick delivery. iPhone is like new.


  Great bargain


  I like apple


  Very pleased - phone ‘like new’.  Arrived very promptly. Great deal.


  Gave the Battery 5 Stars as Battery Health is 86%, which is excellent. Upgraded from my 6s Battery Health 83%, which is also immaculate, the 7 is just generally a big improvement, particularly the camera. So I am delighted, about half the price of a new one, virtually no difference. He supplied a new Charging Lead & Socket & Sim pin.


  I was a little apprehensive about buying a renewed product as typically I buy new from Apple, but I needed a relatively inexpensive iPhone for my young son.  My renewed iPhone 7 came from a company called Ultimo.  Delivery was very quick (next day), the product was in very good condition with no marks or scratches of any note (the screen was perfect) and when I checked the battery health it was at 100%.  The phone is set up now and working perfectly.


  It’s been a month now and the phone is doing really well!Battery Max. Capacity is 87% which I believe is as much as you can expect with a refurb, and to preserve that for as long as possible I’m trying to make sure I don’t overcharge or let battery charge run into single digits like I always used to in the past.The condition of the phone was perfect except for a *tiny* chip by the camera lens (which doesn’t impact on photos at all and really doesn’t fuss me).I’m so happy I went with a refurb - with Apple prices these days you’d be mad not to.


  First time I've bought a renewed phone and I'm very happy with this purchase. A decent iPhone at a fraction of the cost of a new one.  Bought for someone who hardly used his last iPhone for anything other than phone calls and photos, have actually caught him browsing online with this one.  Very good buy and the battery lasts a fair time between charges, I've given 4 stars for battery as I feel I can only give 5 if the battery does not need replacing anytime soon and only time will tell.


  Was unsure about ordering this as reviews varied however it arrived promptly and I was surprised to see it looked like new. So far ( only been in use for 2 days) it's great. Battery life is excellent. I had no problem putting my own sim in and setting phone up. This was bought for my daughter so time will tell if it lasts. So far we are very pleased and have had no issues. The years guarantee was what made my decision to buy and I have faith in Amazon so hopefully if there is an issue it will be resolved promptly.


  I'm surprised actually. Wasn't expecting the battery condition report in settings to be 100%.The phone is like new. Not a mark on it, front or back. Got a cable and charger with it, look like Apple ones - but no idea, they're new anyway. Got a sim removal tool too.The box looks like an iPhone box, but it just a plain white box. Fine with me.Bear in mind, every refurbished phone is going to be unique, so I can vouch that the one you will receive will be of the same quality as mine, but if it is, you will be happy.


  The iphone 7 arrived on time. My wife is very happy with the phone. Delivery guy had a face like thunder though. Probably because the first time he tried to deliver the phone. He never knocked on the door. Only left a card saying it couldnt be delivered. Even though we was in. So he had to return the following day to re deliver the parcel. But the phone is fantastic my wife says.  Good product.


  I have had the phone for 5 days already. I was very happy to receive this refurbished iPhone 7 (model A1778) for 212 GBP as a replacement for my old iPhone 7 which had died due to a "no Service" error that would have cost over 300 GBP to repair! I now have spares I can salvage in case the new phone fails or gets dropped and broken.The phone arrived one day early. It is in a non-Apple box with a new after market charger cord and plug. The battery has a 100% lifetime on it. I only had to update the iOS before restoring all my data and apps from my old phone. Everything went flawlessly. I intend to use this phone for the next 2 years before upgrading to a 5G phone in 2022.


  Purchased as an upgrade to an iphone6.The transfer from old to new is simplified and relatively quick thanks to Apple. The unlocked phone accepted the SIM card from old phone and updated automatically. No issues.The new phone is in very good condition, clean and fully functional. Recipient is very happy with it.Arrived well within the specified date, about 7 days earlier than stated.


  Hello. I’m happy with the my iPhone 7, which I bought from This Renewal phones company at Amazon.And present from them make twice happy customer with my order.Looks as good as it works.Hope I will use this company for a future orders. Take my recommendation for all customers at Amazon. With my pleasure. Happy user :)


  Very pleased with delivery as it came a day earlier than expected.  The only thing we found to be a problem was there was no instructions to help set it up as we are senior citizens.  Very pleased with the actual phone, although it was second hand there were no marks on it and we are happy with it.


  It is the first iphone I have ever had before I had an android smartphone the operating system is quite different At first I thought it was smarter than me but once I had worked through the online video tutorial it is quite simple to use and I'm very pleased I got it. It was a refurbished phone but in great condition and it cost£240


  I bought a reconditioned phone seven months ago with some trepidation as I feared it might not be quite right, however it has been excellent and I am really pleased with it. Rather than buying new I am trying to use recycled products to help counter waste and pollution. I can recommend this approach to anyone considering buying a phone.


  Great product and went the extra mile. I wanted to write a review as I was almost not going to buy from this seller due to previous comments. However, I think it’s just as important to share great reviews. This iPhone is brilliant and so far so good. It’s in fantastic condition and even came charged with a screen protector already installed which to me is the going the extra mile. I was not expecting them to do this and had ordered one separately so this was a really nice touch.I am really happy with my phone and delivery was great. I would order from this seller again.


  This phone has some very tiny scratches to the edges, but as it is a refurbished product this is to be expected. They are very slight.It has not really been used yet, but first impressions of screen, and usage are very goodBattery condition is showing as 100% which is very good.So far, very happy with the purchase.


  Arrived quicker than stated ! One very happy child !! Phone in great condition and looks brand new. Battery life charges to full and lasts ! Would highly recommend this company.


  It will be 6 months before I even open this box so it’s hard to review itBut my old I phone is nearly 4 years old and still going strongBut it arrived on time and looked like new so I let you know when I finally open itI had my I pad pro for 2 years I’ve only just un boxed it !!!


  Lots of sellers offering this but I went with MusicMagpie as a trusted name and I was not disappointed. I ordered a refurb iPhone 7 in Rose Gold for my daughter and although reboxed I received an unlocked product that looked and behaved as brand new. No issues whatsoever so far, I'm very pleased indeed. Seriously, not a mark on it...


  Bought this phone for my son starting in s1.It was delivered well before the delivery date stated and was well packaged so no change of damage in transit.Delighted son who is very happy with this great product and all seems to be working well a d properly and in excellent condition.Very pleased with this purchase and would definitely recommend this company to purchase a phone from.


  The phone kept resetting itself every three minutes or so. I did turn off auto lock but that didn't help. It took forever to charge. Excellent condition, looked new. Came with charger and cable. Not good value for money. The vendor was excellent. I returned it and am waiting for my refund.


  Good phone as described. As it is renewed so we expected some scratches, but if to be honest the phone looks like new. the phone was for My teenager and he really has no issue after couple weeks use of it. Touch screen works fine. Recommend 100% .


  Phone looks like new. Had it for 2 days and so far perfect. Arrived earlier than promised which was a bonus.If any problems develop I will update this review but so far everything perfect.Would recommend seller without hesitation (so far!)


  Bought the phone as a Christmas present. I am always wary of buying second hand electronics but so far so good. Phone was in very good condition and the battery seems to last a long time. I would buy again from this seller.


  I was a little nervous buying a reconditioned phone, but it is as good as new.  The condition is perfect, battery life long and I shall definitely go this route again.  Obviously it came in a non Apple box and the charger is not an Apple one but an Amazon one, buy hey it works!


  Bought for my mum as an upgrade to her 5c. She loves it, was really easy to migrate to, and she says touchID is amazing. The battery lasts her the whole day, and she can use various bluetooth headphones/handsfree driving with it. Comfortable size and clear screen.


  My good Wife is very happy with her phone and says it is as good as new.I will be buying my iPhone from this supplier when my iPhone becomes obsolete.Delivery was before expected delivery day which was great.


  Very pleased, arrived before expected date, excellent condition as new. Very easy to set up. As previous phone was iPhone 4, had to have new SIM card and all transferred over no problems


  So I was very sceptical on buying a referb but I’m surprisingly happy phone is mint no marks or damage runs smooth, however do check the seller though not all look great this purchase brilliant


  Purchased renewed iPhone 7 - came in pristine condition, with 100% battery efficiency and a completely clean screen (covered with a plastic covering)Great value for money.


  As promised next day delivery first class phonePacked well aaa grade no scratches bumps  . Very happy even had a cheeky  made me lol all in all happy customers


  Does exactly what it says on the tinReally good condition, excellent battery life and easy to useFirst service and quick deliveryExcellent accessories supplied


  I bought this to replace my wife's old android phone. The iPhone 7 is lighter and smaller and is everything she was looking for, but a lot cheaper than buying brand new.


  Seems fine, although had some trouble getting to grips with the touch screen - seems erratic particularly on the keyboard. Bought a stylus which is better for that.


  I was a bit nervous having read the other reviews but I eventually jumped and bought. The package arrived yesterday and the phone is as new. A good quality charger plug and cable was in the package. Very happy so far, but of course still early days.


  I bought this as a gift for my elderly father. He was delighted with it. He is still finding his way with it as it is a bit complex for him but he loves it.


  Although I’m pleased with my renewed phone, I got a red one but ordered rose gold. Would have been nice to get headphones too as some reviews said they were added


  The phone was delivered the day following order. It is in immaculate condition, shows 88% battery condition which is the same as my husbands year old iPhone 7. I am absolutely delighted with it.


  Only had this a few days - all in all a great experience. the product arrived early, well packed and as advertised. iPhone was easy to set up, from an iTunes back up of my old iPhone - took about 30 minutes. So far all working as expected. Very pleased with my purchase.


  Received in good time and looks like new. I was a little apprehensive reading the mixed reviews but, to date, the phone is living up to expectations and has the ultimate tester: a 12 year old thumbnambulist! Will update accordingly if needed but so far not disappointed at all.


  Always a chance with refurb phones but as others have said a great firm to deal withPhone arrived and looks and works like new and has a 12 month guaranteeThank you again Amazon


  Good


  I was cautious buying a pre loved smartphone, but was delighted with the quality of this item. No cosmetic imperfections and fully functional. I wouldn’t hesitate to buy another.


  Was hesitant to buy this at first being a refurbished phone, however, it came in almost perfect condition except for a little scratch near the charging port which is covered by a case.


  Real noice service, I'm extremely happy.Had a small problem with my volume buttons, they fixed it swiftly and also replaced the screen because there was a crack I hadn't even noticed.


  Excellent product Red Iphone sent not goldBut color was not an issueProduct in great condition


  Excellent as cheap as getting a new battery fitted and screen replacement and I get a years warranty


  Really please with the refurb iPhone 7. Delivery was very quick and the phone is immaculate.  All is well so far working correctly and no problems


  Second try, had one renewed iPhone 7 and I lost my network every time I went out of the area, refunded so tried again.  This time much better, no problems, quick delivery.  So,far so good.


  Phone is in pristine condition, it doesn't look like a renewed model. Everything working perfectly, and a very reasonable price makes it a winner.


  My son loves this phone, easy to set up and use, enjoys watching Netflix series on it as great picture quality


  Received quickly. The phone is immaculate, looks brand new, and I can’t find fault with it


  Very happy with this renewed iPhone 7, looks and works brilliantly. Great Buyur seller, thanks!


  Very pleased with purchase. Battery life better than previous new phone. Would never know was refurb other than a couple of scratches from normal wear and tear, on the edges near the mic


  I bought this iPhone on behalf of a friend. It’s in excellent condition and works perfectly. The phone battery seems very good. The phone came with a proper charging cable and plug but no headphones which is fine as it’s a jack free phone anyway. I thoroughly recommend this seller.


  Very happy with my new phone after my last one was dropped and run over by a lorry!  Very quick delivery, quoted two days but arrived next day


  I am very pleased with my purchase and it arrived before due dateI would recommend it


  Great product, looks just like new. Very impressed with the quality. Only thing is the charger supplied takes a long time to charge the phone. But we have an iPad charger that does it quicker.


  Even be it an older model, it still works as new.  Well happy.  Thank you.


  The phone is nice and clear unlike my last phone.  It is in great condition, arrived promptly and I'm very happy with it.


  Well so far so good works well took longer to load than normal but loaded after an hour now works well


  Phone as described. Very fast delivery. Communication with seller good. Thank you


  Was delivered quickly. I’ve been using the iPhone for 2 days and it’s working great so far.


  I bought this for my grandson,it works perfectly,worth the money


  As described. Can’t get wrong with Apple product even thevreferbished ones.


  Good product, battery life isn't great but thats what you expect from an iPhone. Don't forget the iPhone 7 has no earphone port so you have to get an adaptor.


  The little girl loves it never has put it down since got it.


  Was worried about being a refurbished item. But I've now bought two of these and both have been immaculate condition. My daughter's were very pleased


  I thought it would be a bit bigger but is ok for what I need thank you


  I only use it for contacting friends and family so it is just right for my means


  Reconditioned iphone was good as new very pleased with my purchase


  Great price and service and delivery was fast. Thanks!


  Battery life with this phone is appalling however the product itself is great. One negative is no charging point without adaptor which is a bad feature. Seller excellent


  I nearly had second thoughts about ordering this phone as there were a few terrible reviews. However I'm glad I went ahead as the phone is completely as new and performs flawlessly. On this one experience I would definitely recommend.


  Very pleasing experience thus far. As a new iPhone user, set up was intuitive and painless.


  It was my first ‘renewed’ phone. I am extremely satisfied with the purchase. Phone was "as new". Good battery life. Came with a fast charger ( plug and wire). Highly recommended.


  Works as expected shall enjoy useing the 4K video feature


  I’ve bought it for my daughter and she’s so very happy with it ,very reliable and never let u down excellent


  Good value for money. Perfect condition.


  Phone came in excellent condition you can’t tell it’s renewed so far no issues but battery life which I guess is to be expected with a 82% battery health.


  So so great..thank you ..perfect 


  Arrived in a very good condition and our 8 year old loves it.


  The device works perfectly well, delivered in great condition. Given age and previous use looks as new. Only issues encountered: microphone is a bit low (muffled) and location-wise, the software at times confuses N and S. Overall, I would recommend this purchase for the price.


  Just perfect for my son as he starts Secondary School. Thanks


  The phone is in excellent condition. Arrived the day after I had ordered it. Working fine so far, but only had it for 2 days!


  Great value for money, as new


  Very pleased with purchase


  Great product! Very happy with my purchase!


  Great phone, does everything you could ask for


  Very happy with purchase.


  Great phone, great price


  Perfect like new ive been really happy with it had it for a year now no problems to date


  Works and looks great


  Bought it for my wife , she’s very happy with it


  Phone was as good as new. Great value.


  Works as it should pleased with the phone


  Wanted to upgrade my IPhone 6 & this is exactly what I wanted! Although it's a refurbished Iphone 7 there isn't a mark on it! Perfect condition! The camera on it is so much better than my iPhone 6 too!


  Great so far.


  Bought this to replace a like for like as wasn’t eligible for contract upgrade. Absolutely delighted with the phone. It really is like new and super fast service.


  A great phone for good price


  It looks and feels good. I replaced my iPhone 6 with the iPhone 7 and I am very happy with it.


  Very easy to set up and has features that my 6 didn’t, at the moment it’s a very good buy.


  A good step up from my old Apple 4 iPhone and a good price.


  Was happy with the phone looks like new but was a bit worried as soon as it was turned on it was red hot at one side will see what it works like over next few days got a bad feeling


  Happy with my iphone 7. Battery not brilliant but much better than the one I had & maybe i'm expecting too much while I'm at home all the time.


  Great product. My son is very happy. Great delivery. Thank you!


  Bought it for my son for Xmas fantastic value for money


  ALL OK


  This phone is like new . Come quick too and a good price . Everything works perfect


  As good as new


  It’s an iPhone it does what it’s neant to do


  To make phone calls


  Wife luvs it, sounds good, looks great, as described


  Worth the money


  My son love his iphone. I will recommend


  Well received and works as expected.


  The phone arrived like new and performs like new too!


  Excellent quality for a refurbished phone. Looks just as new and works perfectly


  This phone look brand new and in great working order.  My son loves it.


  3 months since our purchase of this item for my daughter and all is well so far.


  This phone was like mint condition and has great battery life. A real bargain for the price.


  Good deal and phone works OK


  Came next day, very happy so far with phone. Cosmetically perfect hopefully everything tech wise will be fine  


  Very good phones i got 2 for my boys for Xmas good value for the money


  Thankyou works perfectly and as described x


  Great phone and fast delivery


  Had it 4 months now and no problems at all


  Absolutely brilliant - this could be a brand new phone, you’d never know it has been refurbished. Quick delivery, packaged nicely and works perfectly! Thank you!


  This renewed phone looks just like a new one. It is in perfect working condition and is fantastic value for money.


  This was for my mum


  Phone arrived quickly, Battery health was 100% and looks just like new


  Looked as good as new on delivery.Excellent value.


  Like new, great product


  Delivered and like new


  Good price. Works fine.


  It's nice and big and easy to use also there's a lot of apps that I can go on


  Great phone no problems at all


  Great condition. Works well!


  Love my new iPhone.


  Very good product so far, almost a month still going strong.


  good deal ! works well thank you


  Very like


  The phone is as we expected, every feature works, there is nothing that we can complain about.


  I liked the fact that you couldn’t tell from a new one.


  Arrived promptly and in excellent condition.  Very happy with the purchase.


  Great phone and looks brand new,.


  happy with item also arrived on time


  Excellent quality try, quick delivery as new product will buy again


  Perfect excellent phone quality perfect


  Quick receipt of item .. as described


  Excellent product and service


  Perfect condition


  Everything I liked


  Family contact


  Exactly as it said. Arrived quickly and haven’t had any problems


  

