
  Purchased for daughters 13th birthday. Little unsure at first but didn't want to pay full price when she would be taking it to school. Wasn't disappointed, Looks brand new and works perfectly. Unlocked and reset to factory settings so just transferred SIM from old phone. Only downside was it came in plain box and didn't include headphones but that was clear in description before purchased. Daughter very pleased.


  Excellent condition came with charger and cable. But no headphones.


  I returned mine for unrelated reasons but I did get to open the package. Although i didn't switch it on to see how it worked, the phone physically looks decent, with very minimal scratches that you hardly notice. Mostly wanted to note how easy it was to return it and receive your money back within a week. They're quite responsive (though i wish they were quick enough to notice my return request before shipping it out but its ok that's partly my fault for doing it late) and very helpful with the return process.


  It was quite expensive but much cheaper than buying new. One of my speakers isn’t working properly but on the whole the phone is working very well. There a few wear and tear signs on the phone (a few scratches) but that is to be expected when buying. The battery life is very good a 96%, which I wasn’t expecting.  It came with a charger and a sim popper. If you’re looking to buy a cheap, (relatively) new phone then I’d definitely recommend this.


  The phone is black and sleek. Looks Brand new but within the second day I’ve already had a few problems using the touch screen.Keyboard particularly ( It’s frozen a few times) and had to switch it off to stop the glitching. My old iPhone (earlier model) did this too so I’m not sure if it’s just the model type. I’ve always been a fan of apple products. I like the layout and it’s simple to navigate. It’s got great apps for sharing with family members like iMessages, FaceTime, device tracking system free of charge.It’s working fine now but again it’s only been a few days since I bought it so just make sure you’re getting your moneys worth as it’s an expensive gadget to pay for.


  Great phone, came within a few days. Pa kaging was secure. Only thing I could say about it was that I was a bit skeptical about was the charger, it works fine but the charger got so hot while my phone was charging for only 10 minutes, I tested to see if it was where I plugged it and it happened again couldn't even touch it it was that hot.


  it looks and feels like new - not a scratch on it. it's an iphone so of course, that's self explanatory - only reason for knocking a star off is that headphones were not included which i didn't realise and expected that they would be.


  Purchased from Buyur.  Turned up in a couple of days; 3-4 days earlier than expect.  Phone was in a very good condition with only the slightest sign of wear on the back but nothing to complain about.  The battery is in good health at 93% and holding charge well.  iOS upgraded to the latest version as soon as It was set-up.  It cam with a charger and brand new cable.  I have no complaints.


  After using the iphone 7 for a few months, it still works as expected. No scratch or sing of being previously used.If I don't give it 5 stars is because the seller should have specified that the phone comes from Japan. Which means, you cannot silent the phone when taking pictures which is very annoying.


  Looks like a brand new phone and haven’t had many problems with it apart from recently I’ve tried to put headphones in and it wouldn’t work, so I bought more yet again no sound through them.. really disappointed as I wear headphone to work etc. Will be ringing up tomorrow for a refund and might put money towards different phone.


  I’ll admit I was very anxious about my phone arriving messed up but so far it seems near perfect! The screen is untouched and the phone just feels like a normal phone, it does heat up a bit but I think it’s mostly due to all the stuff being transferred to it from my old phone and my crappy internet making it a slower process but would definitely recommend! Especially because of how cheap I got it and the amount of space I have


  The screen is a star,, very clear and sharp. No instructions  provided so I have found it difficult to use. But it produces good photographs and is a pleasure to use as a phone - which is wh,y I ordered it.


  The phone is really good overall but has a bad charging problem, it won't accept most cables and the ones it does they keep turning on and off and it's affecting battery life.


  Phone worked perfect. Great condition. Fast touch screen etc. great over all and would recommend people buying here. The only thing was it stated at least 80 percent battery etc and it was less than 70. The battery dies after an hour use so I’ll have to pay for a new battery ,which is a bummer at £40 with fitting but other than that good phone. Dunno wether  the seller will send a battery to me As a good gestour or not but that’s another story lol. All round good deal x


  Good quality love the colourOne draw back having to charging it often or it dies, (not use to holding phone down to talk in speaking) need to go use to phone more


  The iPhone 7 was in excellent condition with no scratches or blemishes.  The screen looked brand new and the phone worked immediately.  Once the latest updates for iOS were loaded, the phone worked perfectly.  The battery had a residual reading of 94% when it arrived and was fully charged.  A very good value for money purchase saving over 50% of a new phone’s cost.


  I love it and the best thing was how all the information was taken from one phone to the next... very easy...!!


  I have order this phone 30 May 2019 and it was delivered 31 May 2019, was expecting it to be delivered 10 June. The phone looks brand new and it is unlocked to my current network. Happy with my purchase so far.


  Battery life takes so long to charge. Especially with the terrible charger they give you and Chinese plug. Everything else other than that works perfect, if you would like another phone I wouldn’t consider getting it from here. Especially if it comes with poor battery life and a noticeable scratch in the middle of your screen.


  Cosmeticly in very good condition and delivered very quickly. Phone seems to get hot quick so need to keep a look at this and see is there a battery issue.


  Good phone. Camera doesn’t work as it should. Cannot get the camera to focus on anything as if there is a cover over the lense, which there isn’t


  Phone arrived quickly & was easy to use.Comes with charger.Item is like a new phone & so far, it’s perfect.Very happy with purchase.


  Good condition and provided with Apple charger.  Microphone quality on phone calls is a bit dodgy but other than that all ok.


  All based on my own iPhone...Its great. I bought this one for my missus birthday.


  Arrived with dead battery got a new one fitted locally and credited the difference


  The iPhone 7 is as I expected And I am happy with the phoneDelivery was disappointing because I stayed in the house and garden ALL day and kept tracking package  then It said tried to deliver parcel at 4:14 pm which was untrue


  Great phone but battery life is very poor loses lots of battery even when I’m not using it and throws you off some apps 30 seconds after going on it. I have to take a power pack with me most places I go.


  Everything is fine however this should come with a UK plug not just the lightening cable! Really annoying as was gift


  Bought two of these for my daughters.Brilliant condition.Only complaint I have is they didn’t come with the headphones / ear buds


  Phone arrived in excellent condition, however the battery has already gotten to the point it needs to be changed (within a year of purchase).


  Having never bought a used phone online I was nervous about the condition it would be in ,It was like new and exceeded my expectations the battery life was a bit dissapointing but I guess the iPhone 7 has more to do than my old iPhone 4 !


  Very good value everything works perfectly iphone 7not a mark on it  down side only comes with charging lead no charger or headphones but only £200 I’m happy


  Bought for my mum who is very happy with this phone


  Battery gets quite hot when charging but the phone is in fabulous condition apart from this small worry


  I bought the phone on the 2nd of October 2019 for a Christmas present however it Started to play up not receiving and making calls intermittently


  Brought for teenager as they choose it seems happy with no complaints


  Bought for my teen. All as expected, seems to be working well but I think the battery runs out quicker than a new phone but that’s expected. 100% battery capacity. CoupleOf tiny marks on bodywork. Overall good value for money.


  The iPhone arrived in great condition. It did not have any marks. It’s functioning great no problems, except for the battery life which is not the best. But overall it’s a great phone


  Not for me it was a gift


  All good. I’ve had microphone issues intermittently, becomes muffled Slightly when on calls but overall good value if you need a phone ASAP.


  it works and that,, the sound is great, camera quality is great. delivery was super quick. however my mic broke after 3 days, then started working but now its broke again. idk if its just me but thats that. gonna have to get it fixed soon


  The phone looked lovely and was pleased with it, but I am afraid when it came to charging the battery I was disappointed that it doesn’t last much longer than my old phone,


  Easy to use


  This device has been a joy to use since day one, even though it may be second-hand refurbished. I have had no issues to this day with this device and I have yet to come across a single issue! Great device at a decent price!


  Amazing product everything was just like new apart from battery life so if you want to purchase this iPhone 7, be prepared to buy a new battery for it, otherwise a very good and useful purchase.


  When I speak with my headset the people can’t hear me .I changed the headset and I bought the original small wire connect with the headset but the problem remains the same .No other problem with the iPhone


  Good price and came with no scratches on the screen only one mark on the back. Battery life isn't very good, would prefer a newer battery as it doesn't last long at all. Besides that the price was good.


  Delivery was as promised. Phone quality very goog, better than I expected.


  I do like it but still getting to use it


  Battery life not long


  Unhappy that battery is knackered despite listing saying checked and 80% or more


  It was almost like new and behaves just like you’d expect it to, no complaints.


  I bought the first phone and didn’t work, but I’ve sent back to the seller and they’ve changed with a new one, very good service


  the screen was replaced. I can see those pixels and in some apps they are very obvious, but mostly acceptable. other things good. it was not more than what I expected but just worth 200. the two screenshots were captured from the same page on this phone and another iphone7


  I had it for a month and although it works great it has started to lose power at 20% battery.. a bit disappointed about that..


  Arrived sooner then expected which was great as my son needed the phone ASAP. Good condition very happy with the phone. Excellent service would recommend.


  Was really hesitant to buy a phone off amazon let alone one from apple. But safe to say I did not make a mistake, had no issues with the phone so far Highly recommend


  Very satisfied


  The speaker for calling is very quite even on max volume which is poor for me as I call people often however other than that it’s a good phone.


  Bought as a birthday gift for my granddaughter and she is overjoyed with it. Even though it was used condition it is un perfect working order.


  I don’t now why the display are not clear white, I think it’s verry poor quality from China.


  Nothing


  Looks and works like a brand new product. Only found problem is regarding the battery life, 85% health condition, and not 100% like one should expect.


  Would definitely buy again.Came earlier than expected. So far everything I’ve checked works. Need to put a sim in but it’s states it’s unlocked.


  After 2 months the battery range did reduce....


  As described


  The phone is working really well, however the connection part  to listen to music doesn't work. If you listen to audio it has to be via Bluetooth.


  It works well. Though earpieces not included in pack.


  Exactly what I was looking for. It’s a great phone and worth the purchase, it’s unlocked to all networks aswell


  Very good value for money


  Good


  Few issues lime keyboars disapears after a while, wont charge sometimes and other issues


  Issues it was another one..anyway..I send back Monday..about the payment back..when gone be..please let me know


  Phone is good but a bit out of date


  Fast delivery, only minor mark on the corner, great phone.


  Looked as good as new and worked like it too! My sister bought one also and it was the the conditions.


  I didn't find any helpfull information about whats included.Just to be clear, headphones were not included.


  Seems to be of good quality, hard to tell from a non-refurbed handset. But that's only after a few week's use.


  Arrived on time, works well, basically brand new acts like new. Would definitely recommend  this seller.


  Really good so far.  Battery is very good. Easy to use and nothing is out of place.  I recommend it.


  No headphones, phone gets VERY hot when in use or on charge I’ve only had it 5 minutes!


  I am very happy with my new product.. I bought it as a gift for my mum and it looks brand new...


  Perfect present for my grandson he is very pleased with it


  It was a gift for a grand daughter


  The phone is ok but the battery  life is bad


  It arrived in perfect conditions. Brand new. I think the battery is lasting enough. Good price.


  Only had it for a day or two but very happy thus far.


  Overall was a good purchase, battery capacity is at 88% which is good for a used phone


  My son is happy with his new iPhone 7


  The phone is like new, the battery works perfect.


  Battery is drained so quickly while using Whatsapp Video call  :(


  Is really good but it has some scratches


  High quality product, the battery is perfect and also the screen is perfect.


  I bought this iPhone. it is perfect but the battery doesn't last for long


  Battery had to be changed  and not happy still it still don’t last long


  Bit of problem with the camera when using Instagram


  Getting used to this item


  Good condition no problems so far


  My wife like the color and use for personal thing only.


  Nice condition phone battery ok kbut not brilliant


  In good order


  User friendly


  Easy to use, not too big and battery is lasting!


  Wi fi calling as old iphone 5 did not have,


  Still learning how to use it


  Works Great.


  Battery life not great.


  Not bed


  Great phoneGreat service


  As described in good condition


  perfect .. like new


  Phone came in good condition


  Perfect phone. Very pleased.


  Liked it fine.


  Well recommended product


  Son very happy


  The phone looks used and second hand


  Good


  Gift to my son


  battery doesnt last very long


  I liked it


  Amazing


  Good


  Nothing


  looks very good but has no charger inside.


  Very nice


  I bought this phone only on Saturday.It took about 20-30 minutes to set up and it seemed to be working well.But the microphone wasn't working. There's no dirt or debris in any of the microphones so I'm due to take it to the apple store soon, but so far it isn't looking well.I may just have gotten a faulty phone, or I might be missing something, so I'm not telling you not to buy it I'm just warning you


  This is the second iphone 7 i have bought through amazon (i broke the first) and I am totally satisfied.  arrived promptly a day before advertised.  Great price, looks absolutely brand new, charger works and after 1 month now with this one it's perfect, no flaws - even decent battery life.  what more could you want?


  Good value for money. Overall a lovely phone. The main key button is a little stiff and not as responsive as I'd like, thus the 4 star for "Easy To Use". However, it's a first IPhone for my sister and she really likes it. Great quality photos.


  Great capacity on this phone. Only downside is battery is 78% compared to a brand new battery and hearing people on calls is not as clear as my renewed old iPhone 6.Otherwise great phone.Speedy delivery

