
  People have such high expectations these days. I bought the echo dot (never having had one over privacy issues) and I am chuffed to bits. It’s so much more than Siri, my last flirtation with voice AI. I bought it to listen to a bit of music, to ask about news and weather and for it to read my kindle (not audible.com) books. For this the speaker is great. How anyone can expect it to compete with a home sound system for its size and price is anyone’s guess. But I can move it around from kitchen to bedroom and it’s a fun little companion when I’m washing up. I used to use my smart phone connected to a Bluetooth speaker and this is way more convenient. Spotify is great and the voice recognition is superb. Took no time to set up and I like the fact it is powered by a proper plug because I am likely to leave it on a lot. I bought it also to help me sleep, I like the fact that I can listen to ambient sounds such as rainfall and have it switch itself off after a period of time. I could got on that it can be used a phone too but I don’t use use that. Frankly it’s worth the money alone for the little things it does.I’ve now had this a few weeks and these are my thoughts. With a Spotify account you can ask for most songs. If you didn’t, it automatically accessed Amazon music. Now I don’t have Amazon Music Unlimited and so a part of me is wondering whether I would get charged to listen to songs or whether it would automatically click onto the Amazon Prime Music service. Who knows? But I instantly deactivated the Voice Purchasing function through the Alexa app so I hope not. But be wary and maybe keep an eye on your Amazon bills for a couple of weeks just in case. You can adjust the volume by asking it higher or lower or even giving a number between 1 (lowest) and 10 (highest). It will still hear you say Alexa at the top volume but you kind of have to pick your moments in a quieter section of song. I can hear the Dot when I am upstairs and it is downstairs. Beware you could develop a mild strain of your voice if you keep asking Alexa questions (I am thinking of those buying it for elderly relatives). Speaking of which, the ability for them to call you just by voice if, say, they had a fall and could not reach the phone is a pretty reassuring feature. I’ve played some of the quizzes and they are fun. I still like the device and how solid it feels.


   So being the owner of the first and second generation Echo Dot I was nervous to purchase this item as I thought that I should go for the larger Echo plus. I needn't of worried, the sound improvement between this and the older models is massive. A real hearty base and more fuller sound.I even ended up buying a second one for upstairs and love the ability to use in stereo mode and the intercom feature is a great way of talking to people in the house without shouting. If room filling audio for parties etc is what you want then go for the Echo Plus, however if its background music with some base then the Dot will be absolutely fine. Check out my video review.


  I have had just about every incarnation of Echo/Dot but I will stick to the latest Dot after saying, you can't compare the Dot with the Echo or a full stereo sound system as they are all for different purposes and WILL NOT have the same sound experience and no one should expect they will, a lot of reviewers forget that !!!I have the 2nd Gen Dot in the kitchen and it is fine there, as when I/we are in the kitchen we are usually making tea etc and there are cooking noises and not looking to listen to music in 'detail music is really just background noise, speech is fine though.My 3rd Gen Dot is in my computer room and is placed about 1 foot from my head on the desk, and I do listen to music in there, so some decent quality speaker is needed, the 2nd Gen was just not up to that really, it was fine for speech though and music was just 'OK'.The good thing about the 3rd Generation is that you have a graphic equaliser in the app so you can alter the treble and bass according to your personal taste, so of you haven't a big room or the speaker is close to you this is a very good money saving alternative to the Echo.With the 3rd Gen speaker the sound comes our all around the cloth covered sides, which is one of the main reasons why it sounds better.Something that no one seems to have pointed out so far is that the 3rd Gen works on 15 volts, whereas the 2nd Generation works on 5 volts... and that is the reason why the 3rd Gen has a 'round' plug on it as opposed to the USB (5v) plug that is on the 2nd Gen - this is probably of no consequence unless you want to fit a Dot into your car, I don't want to but I know a couple of people who have, and if that is the case, you need the 2nd Gen (5v) Dot as the 3rd Gen won't work on the USB provided in most cars as it needs 15 volts !Something else most people won't be aware of is that you can now ask Alexa 'repeat questions' without having to say 'Alexa' every time, for example you may ask "Alexa, how high is the Eiffel Tower ?" (1,063 feet) you can then ask "Who built the Eiffel Tower ?" (Gustav Eiffel) and then maybe "How old is the Eiffel Tower ? (127 years etc.) and so on, the whole point is you don't have to wake her up every time by saying 'Alexa' first but ask the questions in a reasonable time, it is no good asking a second question 30 seconds later !The main point is though you MUST activate this in the App first, as it is set in the Off position by default.You need to go into the Alexa App -> then devices (the far right symbol at the bottom) -> then select 'Echo & Alexa' (top left this time !) -> then select your speaker -> then scroll down to Follow-Up Mode (it is 5th from the very bottom !) and tap it -> then finally flick it to 'on' …  phew !Hope that will be useful to you :-)In the end I love ALL my Dot's & Echo's it is just a matter of finding the right one for the place and job you want it to do, none will disappoint, if they are in the right environment, I am quite happy with my 2nd Gen in the kitchen and will not be changing it, as the advantages would be wasted, but I am really glad I have the 3rd Gen in my computer room as it is MUCH better than the 2nd Gen in there.. as they say "horses for courses !" and only you can decide which one is for you.Hope this helps someone, somewhere !


   I bought this echo dot as Christmas gift. For the price and features, I think it is very cost-effective. I use it as a companion for news and music. I think it is a very good enjoyment. But one thing is that it is not convenient for me to move. I need to walk around with a troubled power adapter. I accidentally saw a recommended product when I browsed Amazon, portable battery base-GGMM D3. I tried to buy it. it's great, I can move it around from kitchen to bedroom and it's a fun little companion when I'm washing up. I also bought a Proud Bird wall mount for organizing the echo dot adapter cord, which I think makes the echo dot more perfect. I love echo dot, I love these cute accessories, lol


  The new Echo Dot really is a huge improvement onprevious two generations. The device itself looks better for a start, sometimes the next generation of a device is a minor improvement, but on this occasion, the improvement is huge. The device is stylish, the sound quality is massively better and it has around double the volume capacity.I like to play music in the shower and the previous Echo Dot wasn't audible when I was in the shower with the shower room door open. This one however can be heard loud enough for me to sing along like an idiot. If you can get this at one of the price drop events like Black Friday, Prime Day, Christmas etc for £25, I really think you can't go wrong.All the Alexa functionality remains the same and as most people will know Alexa is just an amazing all round smart home technology. Switching devices on and off, controlling your TV, controlling your smart lighting, playing music throughout your home, sending announcements round the house, video calling, phone calling, recipe guides etc. Theres a never ending list of ways this device can improve your everyday life at home.I couldn't be a bigger fan of the Amazon Echo Range.


  Already own the first generation Echo Plus (lives in my lounge) so I decided to buy an Echo Dot third generation for my bedroom. I didn't like the default sound from the new Dot so I went into the Alexa app and adjusted the equaliser which offers up to 6dB cut or boost - I cut bass by 2dB, boosted mids by 2dB and boosted treble by 6dB - this sounds better to me for both speech and music but I suggest you play with the equaliser to suit your needs. Volume is just fine for a small room, I've never wanted to use the maximum available. Having noted the way the sound improved I then adjusted the Echo Plus equalisation which didn't need quite the same amounts of cut and boost because that's got a decent sound straight out of the box.The Dot can turn lights on and off via the controller in the Plus and also WiFi enabled plugs. I've started using the sleep timer with the Dot so I'll tell Alexa to play a radio station and then tell Alexa to set a sleep timer for say 60 or 90 minutes.I love knowing I can turn the heating on or off without having to get out of bed in the morning and although I could do that with an app on my phone it's convenient and fun just telling Alexa to do it.


  I've been curious about the echo devices for a while and when I saw this available for £25 as part of the black Friday deal I thought why not.Received it today via prime delivery.  I've only had it a few hours but I love it!Super easy to set up.  Just download the Alexa app on any smart phone or tablet and follow the instructions.I've also added my hive which was simple so can now control the heating from my sofa, lazy or what!!!As a prime customer I can play virtually any music I like including playlists I have on my phone. I  find theres so much on prime music i doubt i will need to buy downloads or cds again! A new update means you can use it to play Apple music if you have it. Ask it to turn the volume up, skip a track and it does.  Ask it to play radio two, ask for the latest news headlines and it does.  I even asked what is on itv tonight and it gave me a schedule of programmes.  You can set an alarm; timer, reminders, ask it anything really. If you go to the Alexa app you can enable 'skills',  much like apps really.  There are things like tv guides, quizzes, weather, news.  The more you use it the more it will do for you.We have quite a large room with open staircase and the sound is pretty good.  I dare say it will not be the only echo device that ends up in our house.A couple of advantages it gives over just buying a Bluetooth speaker for music, even if music is all you want it for, is that you don't have to pair it to Bluetooth everytime you want to listen to music nor do you even have to have your phone or tablet switched on to ask it anything. Though you can just use it as a blue tooth speaker if you want too, pair it with your phone and it will play any music you have stored, just ask it to pair blue tooth.  Plus being permanently connected to the mains rather than having to keep rechargeing it is a major bonus. As you can probably tell I'm a fan!Update:  I just attached this to my sound bar via a 3.5 to 3.5mm Jack.  The sound is unbelievable, loads of base and my sound bar is just a cheap one!Update May 2019:  Just bought a second dot in white for the bedroom.  As I already had the Alexa app this took literally seconds to set up.  Love the fact I can ask it to play my audio book at bedtime.  Also great alarm for the morning.  Really love these little smart speakers.


   Bought Alexa device for my home smart system. It is easy to set up and I use it to set timer, listen to music and make announcements in the house. I also  got the battery docking station so that it can be carried anywhere in the house. GGMM power dock makes echo complete. It powers the speaker for 4 hours.


  Love it. Bought it for the bedroom. Perfect little size and sound. Got the larger Alexa downstairs so just wanted something small in the bedroom. Love the improvements as much better sound than the old one. Top work again amazon.


  I brought it for the kitchen to use as a timer and most of all to play music. I now have three all indifferent rooms so I have synchronised them so now I have music all over the house.


  I bought this for my daughter.  She already owns an Echo which sits in her living room and gets used on a daily basis.  She wanted a smart speaker for her bedroom and I'm a firm believer in trying to stay with one format (Google/Alexa/Siri) if you can so when the Echo Dot was stupidly cheap on Prime Day, it seemed rude not to buy one!The sound quality is not as good as on the Echo, but it's a small speaker and she only wants it for her bedside table to act as an alarm clock, radio and to control the rest of her smart kit (Nest Thermostat and such).  For that it's easily fit for purpose.I use Siri on my phone, Alexa on my tablet and Google on my smart speaker, so I tend to get confused.  Given the choice, I think Alexa would have to be my preferred assistant; it seems to integrate easier and trying to get Google to work on an iPhone is a nightmare!  The more I see of the Echo and Fire devices, the more I prefer them.


  Had this bought for me as a gift, and instantly spent a fortune on fancy heating thermostats and wifi light bulbs!I use alexa for, news in the morning, radios for my dohd while I am away, weather updates for the week ahead, sport scores film the weekend, and timers while I am cooking.It is fantastic. Following an American recipe? "Alexa, how many grams in 8oz" and you instantly get an answer.I am amazed at how quick the response time is.Your can also all alexa to play you music, but the library is limited. You can sign up to Amazon music however for full access to the library. However if you have 2 echo devices you can only play music from Amazon on one device at a time. You are able to play radio on one and music on the other.


  When I purchased the previous version of the DOT to go with my Echo, I was always disappointed with the sound quality, the ability to hear my voice and design.Now I got the DOT (3rd gen), what a difference a generation makes.The design has improved as it looks nice now and bigger.The ability of it to pick up my voice is much improved (no more repeating myself or speaking louder).The audio quality of this device is now brilliant. There seems to be more power and a bigger speaker, and with a flat EQ setting (That's right, EQ settings) the music and voice sounds so much better.  Changing the EQ settings (Treble, Mid and Bass) just makes things better.The only downside of it, which is not a biggie to me (Note the 5 stars), is that the power connection is not USB.


  Much improved sound compared to previous version... much more wholesome audio.


  I Like everything about it, from using it to wake me with my chosen radio station to giving me my shopping list, its the best gadget we have ever purchased, we are getting another one for the other room


  I brought this to replace the 2nd Gen Dot in my hallway and wow it's so much better.The audio is clearer and deeper and it can hear me from a distance that the 2nd gen couldn't.So if you want better audio and a more responsive echo then definitely go for the 3rd gen.Obviously they ain't as loud as the bigger echos I have in other rooms but if u just want something small and has ok sound to listen to books recipes ect then this is perfect.


  This is effectively an update to a review I did for the 2nd Generation Echo Dot, much of which still applies here. If you already own a Gen 2 then much of what follows this first paragraph you will already know. The differences between the Gen 2 and Gen 3 themselves begin subtly. Gen 3 is a little bit bigger but much more visually appealing. Rounded, with fabric sided, it looks like a more premium product to the plasticky Gen 2. I was surprised to find the power cable has changed from USB to a dedicated circular socket, but beyond those changes it’s a similar product until sound comes out of it. And wow it really is an improvement. Sound is so much fuller and rich. No longer a tinny little puck in the corner of the room the Echo Dot has suddenly come alive. Where I used to connect them to a separate speaker I no longer see it necessary. Okay, it’s no where near the quality of my Sonos Ones, but they’re many times the price of the Dot, and you wonder if you need to spend more on the bigger Echos/Echo Plus. If you have the option of a Gen 3 or picking up a cheap Gen 2, I would seriously recommend the Gen 3 as it is so much better. The microphone also seems more competent at not only picking your voice up but doing so over the sound of loud music. Genuinely a brilliant bit of kit.The following is a repeat of an earlier review I wrote for the Gen 2 but may help those new to the world of Alexa home assistance.I’m over 12 months into my Alexa experience and I’m very pleased to say that it’s in regular use, every day. To get the most out of Alexa, you need to invest in a bit of additional infrastructure. Out of the box you’ll get an Amazon Echo Dot which is smart enough to answer questions and play some free music which will be fun at first, but the real joy comes with exploring what you can do with it by adding other toys and apps.My current set-up is 4no Amazon Echo Dots, 2no Sonos Play Ones with Alexa built in, a Logitech Harmony Remote & Hub and half a dozen TP Link smart sockets. I also have a previously installed Nest thermostat and a couple of Nest smoke detectors, which Alexa can also interact with. With the Echo Dots acting as the main controlling hubs I’ve quickly built a smart home that we really do use. Everything interacts with everything else, and I can easily set up macros to perform multiple functions together. A basic instruction is “Alexa, turn on/off the living room” and the living room floor lamp comes on. A slightly more complex instruction I use is “Alexa, turn on/off the fish tanks” and both of my aquarium lights will turn on or off. A bit more complicated is “Alexa, goodnight”, where she’ll turn off all active devices and lights, turn on the hall light to light the way up to bed and chirpily say “Goodnight”. Then we get a bit more involved with something like “Alexa, turn on the TV.” Now she’ll turn on the TV to a desired channel, Youview box, soundbar and should I wish have the living room lights dimmed. The functionality of controlling the audio/visual equipment comes with the Logitech Harmony Hub, but it was a great investment. Alexa is also able to control the temperature of my house via the Nest thermostat, which saves me opening a separate app or going to the thermostat myself.To get even greater functionality out of it, I’d recommend an Amazon Music Unlimited account. I’ve yet to find a song that she hasn’t been able to play. In the 12 months I’ve had the Echo I’ve not once used my iPhone to search for music to play. I just say “Alexa, play…….” And she plays it to the nearest speaker. If I want to play to a specific speaker I just add the name of the speaker to the command.It's great fun when the family are around too. Getting Alexa to join in with quizzes and games. My dad and I were discussing James Bond one night and disagreed over who sang a particular theme tune. I asked Alexa who sang the theme to Thunderball, and then asked if we wanted to listen to it.The exciting thing is that we’re in the early days of home assistants and already they’re working really well. I can’t wait to see where development takes us.


  Hi really nice device and good enough sound,I listen to my purchaes from my iPhone by saying Alexa,pair and making sure my Bluetooth is on,on my iPhone when I say to Alexa(Alexa,pair).Then I go to my iPhone and in the Bluetooth option connect it to the amazon echo dot.If you do this you then on your iPhone pick and play your music,Alexa can respond to basic commands like play,pause,skip song,volume etc.But don’t know if this works with pay monthly Apple subscription,but definitely works for purchased music on Apple account.Havent tried google music purchases but I would think it would work as well.I hope this helps people,thanks


  The difference justifies upgrading - either keeping your second gen Dots to cover more of your home or simply sell the old one(s).I use my new 3rd Gen Dot in the kitchen where I mostly listen to music.  Since I could clearly tell that the second gen Dot was too tinny and of generally poor quality for music, I was going to buy a Bluetooth speaker.  First, however, I thought I’d take a gamble on a 3rd gen Dot (delivered within an hour no less) and I wasn’t disappointed.No longer do I have the need for a Bluetooth speaker.  The sound is so much better than the previous Dot.  Not only that, it’s actually surprising that the sound is coming out of a thing so small.  Alexas voice sounds completely different too due to the quality and bass.On the subject of bass; this is why I’ve dropped a star in the rating.  It’s a little too much.  I had to move the new dot out of my office and it’s certainly no good for the bedroom (I was going to upgrade the whole house).  Even at a low volume, there’s a good amount of bass which, given the fact that I give commands constantly (I have a smart home), it will affect the neighbours through the thin walls.For those who as savvy with music terminology, the unit boasts an incredible bass, lacks in mid-range and has virtually no high end at all.  In Layman's terms, the sound is largely bass and therefore could have done with a tweeter of two in the construction, or improve what’s already in there to get some greater high end.As such, the new Dot is perhaps unsuited to places that are sound sensitive.  The 2nd Gen dot, is mostly mid and high end, with no bass, due largely to lesser quality.  This, however, is more suited to sound sensitive areas.EDIT:  An equalizer option was introduced to the app in July 2018! This solves all sound issue and improves it significantly in all regards.  Voice commands can also be utilized to adjust Bass, Treble and Mid!Command: 'Alexa, Set Bass (or Treble, or Mid) to (range from minus 6 to 6 - 0 being default).Lastly, another reason for only 4 stars (now 5) is due to the LED ring.  I don’t believe there are any settings I’m missing, but it glows as bright as the last Dot when you switch it on, thereafter when issuing a command, it only glows at around 50%.  In other words, it’s dimmer than the previous Dot.  In addition to this, the light doesn’t appear and a solid lit ring.  The light diffuser (the plastic ring) needs to be thicker since you can see the individual LED’s.  If brightness were hypothetically at 100% (instead of the dimmer 50%), you would see this problem more so.The last negative is the new barrel power cable,  Though it’s USB on the other end, this isn’t a popular format of cable (the last Dot was a simple USB cable).  As such, the cable needs to be treated well and you need to guard against losing it.On a positive, the build quality is great.  It’s a solid, sturdy unit with pleasing curves and a quality fabric.  The fabric may be prone to staining, especially in the kitchen where you'll also have all kinds floating in the air, so placement of it should be a close consideration.  The fabric is non-removable.Boasting 4 mics now, instead of the mere 1 as the previous dot had, range and response seem to be somewhat better.It shouldn’t go without saying too that this version is bigger than the last, allegedly to host the better speakers.  This is fine and by no means overbearing.  It’s got a good presence and looks the part.The buttons function well and have a nice feel, featuring raised icons, which can be useful for manual controlling in the dark or for those who are without / short of sight.Overall, I’m very happy with it and at £50 for quality which is largely better than there last, this is a steal!


  We now have 3 Amazon Echo Dots in our household, but this one is by far the best.. The power, bass and clarity from this little speaker is awesome! Love it


  Amazing little gadget. Really love it. Mainly for music and radio but great for weather and a bit of fun. Incredibly responsive from quite a distance.Love being able to identify pieces of Music I have not been able to put a name to.Had heard so much rubbish about it listening in to you . This is complete nonsense you can just turn the microphone off if you have any concerns.Very easy set up.


  Fantastic little addition! The dot was bought for my 21 year old daughter as a Christmas gift, and she loves it! Set up took sometime as the dot kept saying it did not recognise our WiFi password, then after over an hour of trying and an email to Amazon- who said they were aware of the issue - the dot finally started working. Possibly down to system overload, after all it was Christmas Day and lots of people would’ve been setting up at the time. Now that it’s set up and working the delay can be forgiven as there is so much it can do, it’s amazing! We’ve been asking Alexa lots of different questions and she knows the answer to everything we’ve asked so far! No problem with voice recognition. The sound quality of the speaker is brilliant, Alexa is very clear and easy to understand. Volume can be adjusted to a level you’re comfortable with - the highest level is loud. If you’re into music you’ll be impressed. Apart from playing your own music play list, Alexa can find any song and even tell you info on the singer, song writer, year of release etc etc - there are endless possibilities this little dot is capable of! Straightforward to use as the echo dot is voice activated. Therefore if you want to alter volume level- then you just tell Alexa to adjust higher or lower. There’s no need to mess about with switches or buttons, say hello to Alexa then tell her what you want her to do eg set a reminder for an Appointment/Birthday/Payment date of bill etc etc Other features used so far include alarm clock, weather, travel news, recipes, audio books, price comparison, daily news, TV guide, radio, music and language translations (we tested Alexa to translate English to Welsh which she did with ease, but most impressive was the pronunciation of the words - every other device I’ve previously used (eg Siri/Google/TomTom SatNav) has struggled to get the pronunciation right, but Alexa sounded perfect).There is lots more to discover.... haven’t even added smart home devices yet!Definitely Recommended.


   I bought one of these as I am constantly hearing about the privacy issues, but since I have nothing to hide, I went for it, and I'm delighted I did, this thing is fantastic fun and so practical. I bought it mainly so I could change music without having to pick up my phone, I know, 1st world problems huh? But it works perfectly and I couldn't be happier. The sound quality is so much better than I thought it would be for such a small machine, which looks great by the way. The voice recognition is spot on, even with my dirty Irish Accent it rarely gets anything wrong.The kids LOVE Alexa, and spend the day making her fart and tell jokes, which I'm only sure she is happy to do. At night, I ask Alexa to play some soothing music like rainfall or nature sounds, and that helps me drift off to sleep, then she wakes me in the morning, so much better than a wife :)I tried this out for voice purchasing on Amazon and it worked fine with no problems, and I also have the smart sockets around the house set up so I can now knock the light on, switch the colours on the LEDs behind the TV, and getting up to boil the kettle is a thing of the past. I wonder what Gen Echo will actually make the tea for me. hmmmmmmmmmmmmm, let's wait and see :)  Until then, at around 50 dollars, this is fantastic value for money and highly recommended.Please check out the video attached and hit the helpful button. Thank you so much.


  Received today and set up in a few minutes although not really painlessly. I plugged the power adapter into the Dot and then into the mains and was greeted by Alexa in multiple languages. Then she advised me to download the Alexa App and then nothing apart from an orange light. I had to refer to the printed instructions I received with the Dot. Then it was  opening the Alexa App on my Moto G6, tapping "Devices" in the bottom right-hand corner and tapping on the Echo Dot. I then had to go to my phone wireless settings, connecting to the Amazon-xxx connection and then going back to the Alexa App which I did and ... nothing. The app stayed as it was. The stumbling block was that I failed to notice my phone was telling me that there was no internet connection with that network and I had to agree to continue. When that was done set-up continued and Alexa proclaimed that the Dot was online and ready to go.The actual process was actually a lot quicker that it has taken me to write it here in this review.So therefore for the tech-savvy not a problem but could be a minor problem for the tech-challenged. However I have not yet tried connecting my bluetooth headphones and I don't see a need to do that because I already have my headphones connected with my phone. The Dot works well with Amazon Prime Music and with Deezer - Alexa play Deezer Flow, Alexa play Deezer xxx. But ouch "Alexa play BBC i-Player Radio 2" resulted in "Here's something you might like from Amazon Music" but "Alexa play BBC Radio 2" worked. So the Dot defaults to Amazon Music if it can't find something. However I'm going to have fun working through numerous possible options.In use the Dot works well, the quality of sound is superb and it doesn't take up much room on my sofa end table so I can still get my cup of coffee on there.Overall highly recommended and well worth the price.


  I already had an Echo Plus, bought because I had read the sound was so much improved over other Echo devices, and it is indeed great. I just thought the Dots were a nice idea for "dotting" elsewhere around the home and at the price (especially during the Prime Day event), I couldn't resist. I had no illusions about the features and sound quality compared to the Echo Plus but I have had a pleasant surprise. The sound is a lot richer than I expected and the features more than adequate for my uses. I have found it sometimes takes a few attempts to wake the Dots but I think it might be down to positioning - one in particular is partly obscured by a vase from some angles - but it's not the end of the world and I could always move them about a bit for a better result. They are smaller than I expected and all the nicer for their unobtrusiveness. I bought two and was so impressed, I bought another pair while the price was so fantastic.


  This is one of 7 echo devices in my house now (I might have to stop soon).  I've got Show 5's and Echo (2nd Gen).  The main comparison to draw is sound quality, and the dot packs a super punch.  As discussed endlessly it'll never reproduce deep bassy music but the output is very generous listening to several types of music.  We have 2x standard dots, and 2x dots with clock.  The only difference was the clock.  Without power you'd never tell the apart.In terms of comparison, I'd put it just a little behind the show 5.  More than able to fill a room with sound, but a few people chatting would likely drown it out a bit.Both of the dots I bought were for my daughters bedrooms.  No screen was a must, but the clock option was very valuable here, allowing them to see time, alarms etc.  A worth bedside companion.Smarts and microphone pickup was solid.  Not as good the Echo 2nd Gen I have but equally as good as the show 5.  Everything else worked as expected.  Setup was non existent as they came pre configured and hooked in straight away. Setting up audio groups and stereo pairs was also super easy, and 2 dots as a stereo pair really makes a difference in clarity of listening experience.  In our house, if you play music through all devices at the same time the experience penetrates the space very well and gives true multi-room experience for relatively little cash.So all in all very happy.  I have one minor niggle which to be fair doesn't matter given the price.  When not playing, the dot doesn't appear to power off the speaker.  If you put your ear to it there is a faint (and I mean very faint) noise hiss.  Pull your ear a foot away and even in a silent room you can't discern it, but worth noting.  All of my other Echo devices are silent when not in use.


  This Echo Dot is a great improvement on the previous model, both in design and sound. A great little piece of kit, perfect for a bedroom, in love with Alexa all over again !


  So far we are loving this Amazon Echo Dot.  This was our first purchase of an Alexa product and loved it so much we bought four more Echo devices.  I’m disabled so any automation of tasks that reduces my need to be mobile is a huge help.The speaker is neat and small, but produces a good level of sound for our needs.  It’s amazing how much music we’ve been listening to as it’s just so easy to request any song or playlist you feel in the mood for via Amazon Music.  This is the first voice activated device we’ve had that actually understands us!We’ve linked the Dot to smart plugs around our home and can control the lights via our voice or remotely via the app.  All this was easy to set up using the app.  We’ve also set up routines so we can say one word and lights are turned on or off according to what we want it to do.  For example, we say Alexa, time for bed and it turns our downstairs lights off and turns our bedroom lights on!  Its also very easy to set alarms which wake us up to our favourite radio station every day . Still exploring the skills and it’s capabilities and learning more every day.We’re a member of Amazon Prime so these items arrived very quickly; the day after placing the order.


  Update, November 2019. A year on and I've mostly forgotten my initial security concerns. Alexa does listen all the time or she wouldn't know when you say "Alexa..." but you can unplug her quite easily. I guess we all find different uses for one of these assistants but I use the timer a lot, weather updates, playing my Amazon music playlists or just songs I want to hear, and Guard Dog for when I'm out. She operates my smart plugs and lights. Technically the device and functions are phenominal. She can pick out commands from the other end of the house with background TV noise inbetween, with an ever improving range of orders. But I also find she can be wilfully disobedient and highly irritating when she mishears. So she has been sworn at and shouted at from time to time, at which point I swear she can go into a sulk (tone of her voice). I used her once to call my father's Echo but frankly a phone is much easier. I wouldn't use Alexa on my tablets but the Echo dots seem different somehow. I think I would find it very difficult to get used to her not being there now. I have one upstairs and one downstairs. That seems to give me coverage across the whole 3 bedroom house when the doors are open.================================Original Review:I was very sceptical, having owned a Fire tablet for about 9 months and found nothing of practical use with Alexa on that device, and indeed have disabled her due to privacy concerns. But I'm a convert I think. I'm still concerned about the fact that she is always listening but there is a button on the top of the Dot that you can press that disables the microphone so I feel in control of that one.My conversion came when my brother installed two of these Dots in my father's house - he can shout Alexa, Help and she will text 3 of us to let us know he is in trouble. His Dots are also connected somehow to my account so (now I have my own) I can actually connect to him via Alexa if he can't get to a phone. It's not something out of the box but something that my brother has been working on in conjunction with care homes. He has also set it up to work with a lamp in the living room.But it is just one niche use and there seem to be hundreds of skills available and you can also write your own routines. I use Guard to have dogs bark audibly while I'm out, I use the Timer a lot when cooking, and I have it play my Amazon Music playlists. I have also got her to play Radio 2 and Radio 4 on command. I just bought a couple of smart plugs and can now tell Alexa to turn the lounge lamps on and off - means I don't end up in the pitch dark trying to find the stairs.On the plus side, I'm now finding lots of practical uses for the Dot, but apart from controlling skills / writing routines I still wouldn't use Alexa on the tablet. The sound quality is really very good indeed, which contrasts with the 2nd edition at my father's house which I thought was a bit tinny. I don't think I'll try and automate lights, heating, etc. just yet as that all seems a bit of an expensive novelty just now. Maybe when those things need replacing it might be time to upgrade.I can't really think of any downsides beyond the fact it took me nearly 2 hours to get it to connect and set up in the first place. It nearly got thrown through the window. And then it decided to connect, for no apparent reason, and has been fine since. I have a VPN service on the tablet I was using to try and set the Dot up with - maybe that was the issue. Oh and she doesn't seem to be able to recognise Radio 4 Long Wave (for the cricket in summer) but maybe that is the BBC's fault.It would be even better if it had a built in rechargeable battery to make it properly portable around the house. As it is you are tied to plug sockets. I guess the problem might be that it is always on so you would have to have a very high storage battery which would push the cost up tremendously.The price point was important for me. It was £25 in the Black Friday sales. For that I thought it worth having a go and have been pleased with the value. Not sure I would have been quite as tempted at the normal price - I guess I could have used the tablet Alexa for the SOS function at a push. I've now got an order in for 2 more at the lower price to give away at Christmas.


  I didn't expect to embrace Alexa into my home like I have done. I now have two and got another for my mum! Not only is it handy to check things like weather/shop closing times/travel schedules and reminders while I get ready for work or do housework, I also stay in touch with my mum more by sending her little voice memos during the day. It's so fun to send messages and also I love the announcement feature to let others in the house know when dinner's ready or ask for a cup of tea without shouting! It also controls smart plugs and smart bulbs which is hugely useful as a migraine sufferer. I have programmed the Echo to set all lights to a dim warm orange when I say 'Alexa, migraine'. I also use audible and Spotify and the sound quality from the Echo is great for spoken word and fairly good for music. The heather grey fabric goes with pretty much any decor and looks subtle and so small for such a complex bit of software. I'm really impressed!


  this is a fantastic little device, good sound, excellent voice pickup and mostly does what you ask of it mine now lives in my bedroom since i sadly also bought an echo show (which is total rubbish) for that room, my only regret is not buying the dot with built in clock rather then the echo show (since despite all the adverts showing the clock display on the echo show, it only does for about 10 seconds before swapping to some other useless junk even if you've supposedly turned it all off in the settings), i've mainly used mine for listening to the radio and for alarms both of which it does perfectly, asking a random question sadly usually gets either a don't know response or something completely unrelated or historic that a simple google search could answer in a matter of seconds which is a pity but overall i think its a great little device and if you are considering getting one then you really should and if the clock is important to you then go for the dot 3 with the inbuilt clock even if the smallest echo show is only a few quid more don't be fooled into going for that.UPDATE: i now have the dot with clock too and its wonderful but amazon will only allow me to add to this review of my original dot v3.UPDATE 2: just got another dot v3 but as always i cant add another review so i need to add it to this one, still brilliant and don't forget all the small echo units (input, flex and dots) have both wired and bluetooth external speaker connections if you need to use them for even better sound, one thing i have noticed is the dot with clock is much slower at responding than the normal dots if i ask one of my dots to play a radio station then ask the dot with clock to play the same thing there is a couple of seconds lag between the two, i'm not sure how this would effect things if you paired a dot clock and a normal dot in the same room for stereo.UPDATE 3: i got sick of my carer failing to turn off the display on my kitchen show 8 so bought another dot clock and changed the wake word on the show to "computer" sadly it thinks "thank you" is a valid wake word but the dot clock is perfect for the tasks it was bought for (operating the kettle and lights)


  Without Alexa in my life, I wouldn’t be able to a ton of things that now have become apart of my everyday routine and made life just that little bit easier. Alexa is already dominating the A.I. Scene and is far superior to ones such as Siri for everyday tasks and compatibility with products, I can easily connect and control a plethora of devices just from this one platform. The product itself is also amazing, the speakers are a HUGE upgrade from the second generation and can easily fill a bedroom with much clearer audio, along with microphone improvements - I found that Alexa found it a little bit easier to hear me when I had music blasting at about 80% volume. I love the ambient blue ring and the new design is stunning, the device is bigger and now has a new connector but it has less amazon branding visible creating that clean look with the new fabric edge and soft touch plastic on top.I highly suggest to anyone to buy this, especially when amazon do their occasional sales! Worth every penny.I hope my review helped!


  I love Alexa! She always listens to me and I often find myself asking for something before I realise I'm not at home and I have to suffer the indignity of getting my phone out and actually typing! Alexa is as useful as you make it. If you don't really invest a little time in researching the skills and useful things Alexa can do you won't get the most out of what is a brilliant little piece of technology that gives you so much for the price you pay. I have 3 echo dots. I use them for music, cooking (the timer function is absolutely awesome when you're cooking), music, reading me books, telling me when the next bus is coming, controlling all my lights, tormenting my wife.. My grandson and I play games and quizzes. Also every time you need a calculator just tell Alexa the sum and she'll do it for you, she will convert weights, distances, translate foreign words and give you the definition of those words you're not sure about. Absolutely brilliant bit of kit for £50 or less. Mine are all grouped so I can play music multi room or individually. I've also given them the 3 different names so I can choose which one I'm talking to. Kitchen Alexa is Bluetooth connected to a powerful sound system and it sounds incredible with my music playing.


  Entered the Echo world a little sceptical about turning the house even more smart. The Dot was our first Echo device but now the whole family is converted  and totally won over.Perfect size to be an inconspicuous addition, well, anywhere really, it looks good and has a discreet lit blue ring when it is communicating with you.Set up is incredibly easy but you do need an Amazon account, ideally Prime to get free access to a limited but still reasonably large selection of Amazon Prime Music. More options are available to pay for unlimited access to the full music collection and you can also acccess other services such as Spotify. Amazon and Apple have also confirmed that Apple Music will be available later this year in the UK.But beyond that, what makes this special is Alexa and all the smart access that she brings. Ask her for a radio station, a joke, the weather, a news briefing....all easily done and set up.‘Skills’ are easy to add and all those we have adopted have been free.Sound quality is good enough for a small spraker and the built in microphones easily pick up our commands from anywhere in the rooom.Buttons allow allow manual control of volume if you wish.Start to add additional equipment such as the Philips Hue range and you can have voice controlled lights, motion sensors, cameras...it goes on and on and, be warned, once you start and see the possibilities, you find it difficult to stop! Restraint needed to avoid bankruptcy.Thanks to the success with the Dot, we have however since added an Echo Plus, a Spot and an additional Dot in other rooms plus lights and sockets....once you use them, you don’t want to go back!The Dot and Echo range in general have been a big hit with us. The Dot is a great device  and a good introduction to the world of Alexa and smart devices.Easily recommended.


  Sometimes when you had a free gift for buying something and you used to have the option of a mini CD player you used to get these little hi-fi units with speakers that sounded like the recording had been made in a tin can. You cannot say this about this little circulr device. It may not be a regarded as a high end speaker but it packs enough of  punch with good sound quality for what I need.I've set it up for use in the kitchen. We have our mean sound system in the lounge and an integrated  blue tooth speaker system in the bedroom and bathroom, so this fits a gap and takes up practically no space.I didn't have to buy this as it was a voucher offer as a result of buying a new boiler, but it is well worth the £40 price tag. With modern smart technology there is other scope to put it to use especially in a kitchen.


  We now have Alexa dots upstairs and downstairs, and now use as our alarm clock, timers and radio/music. For the size of Alexa the sound volume is more than adequate and in fact the sound quality surprisingly good too, a good spectrum, however don't expect Earth shattering bass .... get the bigger brother version if you need that. Voice recognition is sometimes hit and miss, but after a while it appears to get better as Alexa does appear to learn our local dialect... ay up me duck! Only annoying voice control issue is that you have to talk/shout louder than Alaex is playing or any other sound source nearest yo Alexa for her to hear you to respond. Otherwise love it love it, weather forecasts, news updates and any good jokes all come from Alexa now . To top it all, the Boss loves it too, Alexa our new besty


  So far the Echo Dot and my new friend Alexa is amazing. She also takes compliments and gives them in return. Alexa a mine of information.I do have to say though that I was really disappointed with the delivery of this parcel and was getting concerned because I live in a flat with a double door entry system, one of 36 in our block of four and my parcel was left outside by the main gate. My husband was home at the time so the delivery person did not try too hard to come up to our flat, which clearly has a note on the door for deliveries. My parcel could have easily been picked up by someone and it would not be the first time. Delivery took place around 430pm. the same happened today for my daughter, her parcel was left just inside the main gate about the same time. My husband was home this evening also. I am aware of special delivery instructions but a double door entry system means you have to attempt delivery at two entry doors. Please follow this up as safe deliveries are really important especially at this time of year.


  I bought this on Black Friday because everyone has been talking about her all year and how amazing she is. I find myself referring to the Echo Dot as "She" instead of "it" because it feels like you're actually speaking to someone when you want Alexa to do something for you.One of the first things I tried was playing music and boy I wasn't disappointed, "Alexa, play some...Christmas music" and within seconds I was singing away to Jingle Bells. She sits in the corner of our sitting room and the sound quality is fantastic and she will play ANYTHING you ask her to play, ask for a specific song, artist or music category and she will play it for you. She's also very good at reminding you of things you need to do and creating lists like a shopping list.You can even call or send messages to family and friends who also have an Echo Dot and its completely 100% FREE.You can also set routines which are quite fun. If I say "Alexa, I'm home" she will play the celebration song and make my smart light bulb flash disco colours. Lots of fun to announce your arrival lolShe also knows a lot of great facts, I can play games like truth or dare, trivia and guess the word with her and she even helped me make the perfect bacon and cheese omelette the other night.I haven't yet used all of her amazing features but love what she has done so far. I love Alexa.


   We originally bought these because my partner was expected to be partially disabled following spinal surgery, which was delayed because of the pandemic. The whole Echo range enables so may things to be controlled purely by voice commands, whether by turning on or off lights or dimming them, playing music, even controlling some TVs.The Echo dot is a discreet disk that can be hidden away, melting into the background, rather than showing itself off to visitors. It has a solid and robust feel to its construction with a rubberised non-slip base. It will probably survive being accidentally knocked of a shelf a couple of times by a cat or child, [please do NOT try this].It has a very good quality speaker for the size of package, which can be linked either to a second Echo dot for stereo or to high a quality Bluetooth speaker such as the UE Wonderboom 2. If you have suitable cabling it can also be wired to play through an existing HiFi system. Its own speaker has a good bass tone.On the top are four buttons, one to disconnect the microphone, which will make the light glow red, volume up and volume down buttons, and a fourth button called the 'Action Button' is an alternative to waking Alexa up to listen.The lighted rim shows different colours depending on what the Dot is doing. For example, it shows red if you've switched off the microphone, yellow if you have notifications, blue and green when accepting a command.Turn up the volume on my short video to hear the Alexa Echo Dot in action.The array microphone is omni-directional and seems to work at up to 5m (probably further if you shout!).The power supply is a custom one, so if your cat chews through the cable you'll need to replace the whole power supply. It would have been better if Amazon had chosen to use an USB-type charger, with either USB-Micro or the modern USB-C connectors.You will need your wi-fi credentials available when you set up the device for the first time. If your router supports a guest network, it is best to put it onto that for security. This applies to all the 'Internet of Things' devices in your household, as some Internet of things devices have security flaws that can be abused to get access to the computing technology on the same network.On first start-up, the Echo will give you voice instructions in several European languages. If you already have some other Alexa devices it may be able to pick up wi-fi credentials and other settings from them, but not always.When you buy it for yourself it can arrive directly registered to your Amazon account, with access to your Amazon Music or similar accounts. If you wish to listen to international radio stations then a free Tune-In account can be registered to the Echo.If you have any books on Amazon Kindle then you can ask the Echo to read the book to you. This is really useful if you are disabled or just plain tired.All of the Alexa devices in a house can be linked, so that you can make a call from one to the other, by saying something like: "Alexa, drop in on the Living Room". This also work for calling friends.On initial set-up, using the Alexa app on your smartphone, it is a good idea to make a few tweaks:1. Switch off ordering by voice, so you don't accidently acquire something the family were talking about. (More➡Settings➡Account settings➡Voice Purchasing➡Off)2. If you don't want the Echo announcing all your deliveries and order information all the time, go to (More➡Settings➡Account settings➡Notifications➡Announcements)3. Switch on Follow-up mode, so you can add on additional commands without restarting the dialogue. (Devices➡[New Echo Dot]➡Follow up Mode➡On)4. Tell the Echo where it is in your home by creating a group (eg Bedroom) and adding any other devices, such as Hue lights that are in the same room, to that group. Then phrases like "Alexa, Turn on the light" will work for the light in the same room.


  I'm a pretty big music fan and I have a pretty eclectic range too so having seen a similar device in a friends house, I thought I'd give Alexa a try. As I wasn't sure how well I would get on with it or indeed, as we have solid walls due to the age of our home, how well the device would communicate with our WiFi, I went for the smaller Echo Dot.The first thing to say is how impressed I've been at the connectivity. The device communicates really well with the home WiFi and has had no drop-out what so ever,(unlike our Smart-Tv!), so, a top score there. Set up was also pretty straight forward and it's pretty easy to start customising the voice accent and other features as well. I love the convenience of being able to stream whatever type of music you feel like at the simple ask of "Alexa"? Even though this is just the Echo Dot it still seems to full functionality and connectivity and so you could start using to switch on lights, make phone calls and all kinds of other stuff too, should you suddenly lose the use of your legs or fingers.The only area that I would score it down on very slightly is, the sound quality. But I would qualify this last comment by admitting that I am a real music fan and love a good quality sound system the can produce a truly rich sound and given how very tiny this device is, it still produces a remarkably good sound so it is only a slight mark down. Plus, I'm pretty sure that if I were to try one of the larger devices, the sound quality would probably be just that bit better.All in all, I would heartily recommend to all.


  I got into Echo dots by the back door, having originally wanted a Bluetooth speaker or similar for my young children aged 3 & 4.They loved music and dancing and would often ask for specific songs to be played on our existing Sonos system. This would involve us having to use an app, search for a song and then get it playing. This is not something the kids could do themselves as they couldn’t work the app or type in song names or even read!I then had the brainwave of trying the echo dot as it was cheaper than most of the decent Bluetooth speakers out there but with so many additional capabilities. This would allow the kids to speak to Alexa and ask for a song - which it would then play for them. We ordered 2 dots when they were on offer at Christmas and crossed our fingers.On Christmas Day everything was unboxed and set up within a few minutes and to my surprise the dots worked exactly as intended - the kids absolutely love them and couldn’t stop playing with them, asking Alexa to play things like the Frozen soundtrack or a bit of Madness!The great thing about the dots is that I also have control over them from the app, so I have literally got the kids dots set up to play music only and that’s about it. As the kids get older I can enable other features for them.After being so impressed with them I ordered a further 3 for other rooms in our home and have them set up to control Hue lights, Hive heating and our Sonos speakers. I also like other great features like asking for the news headlines during breakfast etc.These great little devices have so many uses and I can’t imagine life without them now!


  Wasn’t 100% sure what the echo dot would bring and whether any of its capabilities would be of any use to us as a family.  We purchased two (for the kitchen and in our 13 year old son’s bedroom).  We love the music facility, playing music at our request.  We’ve linked the dot to the kitchen ceiling speakers.  Only hassle is remembering to ask Alexa to disconnect when finished, in order that you want to use your iPad/phone to connect to the ceiling speakers using Bluetooth.  If you don’t you find that Alexa has commodeered the Bluetooth airway and you own devices won’t connect.  It just means you have to instruct Alexa to connect/disconnect.  Similarly, using drop-in to our son (intercom) in his bedroom you have to remember to end the call otherwise it stays open.  I’ve used echo to make calls on my phone, which was great - not sure how other members of the family can do the same on their own phones.  Have used Alexa to a lesser extent for other features, asking for information such as the weather, time, to set timing alarms, etc.  All very good.  Only major gripe is on the music side - some songs are not available as they’re only available on Amazon Music.  You’re alerted to this and sometimes an alternative station is found, but lots of times you’re prompted to have the free trial for the Amazon Music subscription service.  This is really annoying as not wanted and again you have to instruct Alexa to stop with the spiel.  After a while, you remember which tracks are not available, but unfortunately for every new track you request that is not available  - you get the same sales pitch.  Alexa can do so much more, we haven’t started to use any of the smart features, i.e. turning lights/ appliances on/off and probably won’t as that feels very lazy.  But the music facility on its own is worth the purchase.  It looks good.  I will be fixing some echo dot holders to the wall to help hide the long cable.  On its own, the echo dot is a good standalone speaker.  All in all - very satisfied.  Message to Amazon - it would be appreciative if the customers could be given discounts on buying more than one echo dot, i.e. buy 2 get one free, etc.


  Alexa is an awesome AI I have my dot in my bedroom I can set my alarms make calls listen to music . Also new thing I have discovered is when you as alexa to "open the magic door" you can go on a choice of adventures like mysterys for example one was to free a ghost from a light house you make your choice as alexa goes with you and you look for clues its a great skill and works well to get you off to sleep I also have an echo show and I can call from my bedroom to down stairs.  I'm disabled so being able to call to another room is a great feature I can also can ask alexa to call someone on my contacts if I fall over and need help (I have pendant alarm system in my home for if I fall but alexa is just as good ). I also have the alexa compatible lights in two rooms so i can get alexa to turn my lights on and off being a wheelchair user this is an amazing thing to have no more struggling . I intend to add further devices like the ring door bell as they are really good and help you live safe and independently.  I can set medication reminders and reminders for appointments or for shopping it truly is a life saving tool I can get information when I need it the skills you can get are fun and practical loads of fun  easter eggs to try . I have always been a bit technology shy and never liked the idea of a speaker listening in  but alexa only wakes up when you say her name and with the alexa app you can see all the things alexa has been asked during the day or listened too in the day so you have access to everything that's said and done so that offers peace of mind  . Also the sound is great from the speaker I was really surprised at the quality and clarity of the sound on such a small speaker packs a punch.  I'm really happy with my purchase and can totally reccomend it .


  Amazon Echo users who want to show their support for our brave NHS workers during the coronavirus crisis can now ask Alexa for a little helping hand. We in the UK have been in lockdown for over one and a half months and during that time NHS staff have been working tirelessly to battle the coronavirus crisis. As a way to show our support the Clap for Carers happens each week, with people across the nation giving their applause to the NHS on their doorstep at 8pm on Thursdays.So now Alexa has just received a new update to remind you exactly when you can show your appreciation for our NHS. Amazon Echo owners can simply ask Alexa to set a reminder to clap for the NHS on Thursday at 8pm. Not only will Alexa give you a reminder but the Echo will also offer to clap along with you. Alternatively, you can also ask Alexa to clap for the NHS when it comes to 8pm on Thursdays.In my opinion, the 3rd Generation Echo Dot is easier on the eyes than either of Amazon’s two previous Echo Dots. It offers rounded edges that help make the Dot look less like a hockey puck, and the fabric grille around the outer edge feels modern and classy simultaneously (Clearly Amazon has been taking pointers from the Google Home Mini). The fabric mesh design helps the Dot blend in with the rest of the refreshed line-up and as a result, the new Echo Dot comes in colors to match the rest of the range, with Charcoal, Heather Grey, and Sandstone shades; though personally I preferred the sandstone myself.Overall, the latest Echo Dot is the easiest, cheapest, and best way to bring Alexa into the home. It works well on its own or can be nicely integrated into a myriad of other smart home and audio/visual products, allowing the masses to bring voice control and smart features just a command away. The sound quality has noticeably improved from earlier iterations and this remains a simple and effective smart speaker that’s easy for me to recommend.


  The Echo Dot has been around for awhile and never thought of purchasing one until recently when a limited offer with the Dot and Amazon Music for a great price and I have to say.... WHY HAVE I NOT PURCHASED ONE SOONER!?For something so small, the audio quality is much better than I thought it would be and it can achieve a reasonably loud level of volume without any noticeable distortion.The voice commands available are so extensive, just to name a few of things you can ask Alexa to do:• Play a specific song or album and it will find it on Amazon Music (subscription required); 99% of the time, Alexa will find and play the correct tracks.• Play an AM/FM radio station of your choosing and Alexa will use TuneIn to do so (no subscription required).• Adjust volume.• Add items to your shopping list.• Set an alarm or timer.• Check the weather.• Ask random questions etc...• Connect to Alexa compatible devices and control them.Basically, this is one extremely smart speaker with great sound. Even if you can't get it whilst it's on offer, it's worth every penny.


  This is our third Alexa device, the fourth is on it's way! We have so many things integrated including lights, music, shopping, books, alarm clock, headphones, phones, tablets etc. I don't think there is not one thing technology-wise that isn't linked. Hate to think what will happen if our WiFi goes down ha.But in all seriousness you take for granted how much you use Alexa whether it be for weather, random questions, a quick boogie, a rubbish joke or a story. I even use mine as an alarm clock! At first I thought controlling my lights via Alexa was a bit extreme, but honestly try it. Ours is also linked to our alarm system. The new Echo Dot is superb, we have an older one but this new one is superb, a lot more responsive and a great sound for a little device. I like playing music through all devices at once, superb feature! No need for expensive jukeboxes now.I fully recommend these devices, as they are a massive game changer. Unless you own an African parrot like us, who can talk and easily say "Alexa". It's when she adds on random phrases, so Amazon, I apologise now on my search history...


  I bought 3 echos during the C19 lock down for something to play with and to keep the kids entertained for a few hours expecting to not like it. Unexpectedly I found myself really liking them and plan to buy more or them.They are regularly on offer so don't buy when they are at full price of £50, I paid half that for mine.They are very easy to set up if Amazon already has your details and you link your account to them. It takes literally 2 mins to set them up from the man dropping off the box.Voice recognition is very good and can even understand both my small children with no problems. It has a voice training mode which will help it to understand you should you have any problems.The voice commands are intuitive and I haven't had any problems working out how to get it to do stuff for me.I use if with the Music service included with Amazon Prime and it works perfectly and also plays my play lists and internet radio stations.Love playing music to all speakers around the house and have set up external speakers which I already had for most things the internal speaker is actually pretty good.Use it all time in the kitchen for timers and reminders as well as storing shopping lists.Skills allow it to do just about anything.  I use it with some smart plugs to turn things on and off by voice and you can set up routines to do several things with one command.Overall this is very good especially when it's on offer. If you want to play music on it you might want to get the full size echo or connect to an external BT speaker but most of the time the normal echo speaker is fine for me.


  Great bought this with a fir estick (see my other review for firestick) set up was okay it did not work to start with so youtubed that said about holding down a button to revert back to factory setting then colour changes to orange and Alexa is set up ready for settings - you need to download and install the Alexa App - I did this via playstore on my phone (I am rubbish with technology but it was quite straight forward). Once installed you will be prompted through pages to complete - make sure you have your location on and wfi etc. then you can input your details and save Alexa will be ready to go. When I ordered the second one to add device this did not go as smoothly until I put my bluetooth on and then it finally added Echo Dot it was not showing up before on the app not sure why. All in all it has been a great purchase you do have to pay for music. I've gone for Amazon music basic package which cost £3.99 a month. Though you can just have radio on which cost nothing. Also if you are going to purchase a second Dot you can only play Amazon music on one device at one time unless you group them on app so it plays as a speaker around the rooms. This means if you want to play amazon laid back pop for example someone downstairs on a different echo dot can not play amazon music be it laid back pop or chilled tunes etc. though you would be able to play radio on a different one. I think you have to purchase amazon music a second time so effectively you are paying for it twice - from what I have read up but I think that's a bit expensive so we are just sticking to the one and putting up with the fact no two people can play amazon music at same time - which is a shame. Though please do not let this put you off buying it, it really is great musics good the quality of sound is good and Alexa answers lots of questions can ring family and friends for you (though I've not used this)m and you can adapt app to do other things. Brilliant purchase me and my daughter are very very happy with it. Would recommend.


  This was my first foray into the world of Alexa.  On the back of dipping my toe in with this, I have purchased a Show 8 and a Fire TV Cube.I have to admit that for the price, you get an awful lot of play time with this, especially for the kids, but the more you use it the more useful it becomes.  Great audio quality for the size so being able to listen to BBC radio or Spotify whilst in the kitchen was great.  It has now been relegated to another room as I have got a better device for the kitchen now, but this allows us to stat communicating from room to room or doing announcements (telling everybody that dinner is ready......)


  i was toying with the idea of one of these for my music as i suffer from ptsd and silence isnt an option. i had been told to get one to leave it playing in the kitchen so it was always noisey. But... i mean its a speaker thing and i was worried everytime we talked ut would come on or something. im 42..new tech bit confusing.Bf bought me this as a surprise and i took 3 days before i even opened it lol.OMG! she is my best friend i love alexa!! it is fantastic i just say what i want and she does it.  she gets me lol id marry her.. plays all my fav music.answers questions with no comebacks.. keeps quiet wen you want... helps you to find out things... platypus have 1 to 3 eggs a year!!one thing... when you set it up it records your voice. so i thought you would be only one it works for but..no.. bf  "alexa show us your t*ts" i do not understand lolkids "alexa boombox" and yup she did"alexa rap" and it was pretty goodso yeah once you enter a yorkshire accent in it is good to go...ordering another 2 so i have one in each room then tv can take a break. you can link it to a bluetooth speaker if ur in garden etc too.Oh and i bought her a dress for being so awesome... gotta share the love lol (silicone cover as shes in kitchen)


  This is a beautiful little speaker, that brings Alexa into your day.There’s nothing I can tell you about this that you don’t already know, but I can tell you how I use it.First off, it’s not a great speaker. For its size, it’s surprisingly punchy, but it’s not good if you want to listen to music at any kind of true quality or volume.But Amazon don’t claim it is, if you want that they have plenty of other offerings.What it does have, is Bluetooth and a 3mm aux jack.And that is where this unassuming little sound pancake becomes very useful indeed.For example, hook it up to your old school hifi separates unit, and it runs through the amp, making your 70s set up a smart speaker.At the turn of a knob I go from listening to Bowie on vinyl to a preset playlist on Spotify.Use the Bluetooth to hook it up to your higher quality speakers and it’ll make them smart.If privacy is an issue (then frankly you shouldn’t have it) but you can switch the mic off.I have the mic switched off and use it to have Radio 2 waiting for me when I get into the office, coming out of my 1979 pioneer set in beautiful quality.In summary, don’t buy it for music if it’s going to be your primary device, but if you have something you can hook it up to, it’s 40 quid well spent.


  The 3rd Generation of the Echo Dot is a massive improvement over previous generations. It's more pleasing to the eyes and the sound quality is just fantastic due to the bigger 1.6-inch speaker producing that much needed bass. Alexa and music now have a fuller, richer sound and is (dare I say it) almost on par with my Yamaha soundbar in terms of sound quality - now that's impressive! There is some distortion at higher volume levels but that's to be expected, it's a Dot after all.If you have a previous generation of the Echo Dot, consider upgrading - you won't be disappointed.UPDATE: I've just had an issue whereby my Echo Dot suddenly went offline and remained offline even after a power reset. The issue included only one song being streamed from albums and the dreaded red light plus 'Sorry I am having trouble understanding right now, please try a little later' message from Alexa after the power reset. If you experience this issue, it can easily be resolved by simply doing a hard reset of the device. To do this, just continuously press the ACTION button (the one on the right with the circle) for approximately 24 seconds until it notifies you it is resetting. Allow it to reset then follow the instructions in your Alexa app to setup the device again when you see the orange light.I asked Amazon why this had happened but they were unsure of the cause. It could possibly be due to a drop in connection during an update which caused the device to malfunction. As there were other people experiencing problems around the same time according to the Downdetector website, this seems unlikely. Whatever the reason, the above should resolve the issue.


  I now have an Echo and 2 Dots spread around my house. Initially discounted as a fad, I bought one as my friend had one - and now I have 3! Still discovering new things every day. I don't think I will ever run out of new features to learn about. This is a great piece of equipment for almost all needs. During the recent self-isolating where I was alone for 5 months, Alexa became a real companion - it was good to have the extra presence even if it is not a real person!I love using Alexa with my Audible books, and also to play my Amazon music as well as radio. I use QOTD every day, and Alexa actually tells jokes which are worse than mine! She turns my lights on and off and I also have smart plugs on some equipment which I can use her to control. She notifies me of Amazon deliveries, and I love the option to send notifications and communicate with other people's devices. She even works on my Fire TV!There are far too many features to list and praise here; I can only say - get one and start enjoying a new dimension in interactive communication.Highly highly recommended.


  I got Alexa Dot as a “lets see how this will work for me” and when I got it originally I have not used it a lot, but then I got it properly connected and attached to my Spotify, apple music (you can listen to free radio too) and even my smart lights - now we are bff’s :-)I use her now regularly every day for my amazon delivery notifications, to set reminders while I cook, to listen to music and even to be my dictionary so I have to say its the best £25 I have spend in my life. I got light grey colour, as I think it looks the best regards to dust - the white one would go dirty and dark one would show the dust quicker. I choose Alexa Dot over the bigger version as its obviously cheaper, but it takes less space and in my opinion visually its more pleasant to the eye. The speakers are doing a great job as well, if you want to use it for a small house party.Since I got my Alexa Dot, I got few more for my friends and family and they all love it as well.I am normally an Apple girl, but Alexa over Siri every day :)


  Alexa's new clothes are more than skin-deep here. The 3rd-gen Echo has a considerably better speaker than the previous version, to the point that in many cases there's really no need to plug it into anything (except the mains). The previous version absolutely had to be plugged into a speaker in order to sound halfway decent, but if you're thinking of plugging this one in, get an Echo Input instead — it would be criminal to waste such a nice little speaker.Everything else is pretty much the same as any other Echo — same buttons, same Alexa interface, same reliability and range. There's little point going over anything else here; the standout feature of this product is that such a small speaker can be quite so good (and loud).If I could justify getting any more, then I would — but I'd need to build a new room for it first as our house is now pretty much overflowing with Echos. If Amazon feel like listening to every word we say (although I'm pretty sure they're not) then they're welcome to it. We don't sit down and discuss our world-destroying plans over tea very often, so there's nothing much to hide. And if Alexa really wants to know about Aunt Maude's hip operation, she only has to ask.


  I’ve been very impressed with this little Echo Dot. I ordered it for my thirteen-year-old son’s room - so that he can listen to some music and have some fun playing around with Alexa.  It’s genuinely exceeded my expectations in both how good it sounds and how useful the Alexa virtual assistant is.  It functions as his alarm clock, we’ve set him reminders to have a shower and we can even send him alerts to say “it’d dinner time!” without having to traipse upstairs or shout from the hall.  It came in a bundle with two months of Amazon Music Unlimited, which has also been a success.  I don’t think there’s anything that he’s asked to listen to that the service hasn’t been able to play.  Now that that the trial is coming to an end, I’ve downgraded the service from the Individual £7.99 a month plan to a Single Device plan which is only £3.99 a month.  The sounds quality from such a small speaker is very good.  Happily, it’s not loud enough to bother the neighbours, but it is good enough to fill a small bedroom with decent quality sound.


  I put off getting an echo dot for ages because I just wasn't sure how we'd use it and whether it would be useful.  Can't believe we ever lived without Alexa!  The echo dot is small and discreet and easy to set up.  We're not very techy in our house so I think we only use a fraction of the features that can be used with the dot but it's still made a difference to us.  Signed us to Amazon music unlimited for 3 months for free and this has been great for listening to music.  The dot lives in our kitchen but we've been able to command Alexa from upstairs and she's picked up on our voice.  Mostly use this for listening to music, asking the weather, setting timers etc.  I make phonecalls using the dot whilst i'm cooking etc and it' great to be hands free and to be able to speak clearly as well as hear the person you're talking to clearly without sounding like you are miles away, as this tends to happen when on speaker.  My son has speech delay and speaking to Alexa has helped him somewhat in trying to speak clearly because if he can't say his words clearly then Alexa can't understand him.  I brought the dot for £25 and i think it was a fab deal and we use it constantly!


  I bought this little gem along with a fourth Echo 3rd Generation.  I now have Alexa in every room and could not be more delighted.  If you were just interested in voice clarity ( and not music) I would thoroughly recommend thias Echo.Dot and at this price, you cannot go wrong.  A word of warning, though.  Neither Echo connected to wi-fi first time ( like my first 2).  When it says "contact us"  don't bother.  It will get you nowhere.  Just follow the advice to try again. Turn off app and device and try again - there may be quite an agonising wait.  You are asked to connect through your mobile's wi-fi setting as well.  Give it a try.  Not too sure it is any good.I am particularly impressed with the ability to sync groups of speakers.  I have created  2 groups.  One is for all rooms, the other for kitchen and bathroom.  The Lounge speakers are al;ready stereo paired.My initial interest in these speakers arose because of my disillusion with sound bars that all had heavy bass and were really dedicated to music.  You see my hearing is quite poor.  Some of these sound bars are very expensiveand from my point of view, a waste of money.  5 stars for all round versatilityMy next project is to see if there is a bilingual setting for English/French.


  I was given an Echo Dot for Christmas and it’s a very nice device to live with. Voice recognition is great, I can integrate it with my new Smart TV for changing channels or searching which is a nice bonus. I use it daily for my alarms/reminders/weather and for playing music.It integrates well with a number of apps inc Spotify. There are a few games you can play through Alexa but it felt a bit weird in all honesty! More of a gimmick than anything else.Sound quality is good for such a small speaker, it won’t blow your socks off but it’s ideal for what I use it for. It’s certainly not quiet so don’t get put off but it’s a good rounded device for everyday tasks not just a music speaker.The size is ideal, it doesn’t take up much room so perfect for finding a small space for it without it looking too out of place.My only gripe is that another family member has bought the same device for their room (as they liked mine so much!) but this seems to confuse both Echo’s for some reason. They’re both set up from different phones so there shouldn’t be any crossed wires, but sometimes when I speak to my Alexa I can hear the device in the other room answering or playing music too. It’s not the end of the world but can be annoying, especially when the other person is sleeping!! Not sure if there’s a way to overcome this just yet, I may have a fiddle with the settings and report back.Overall though these are nice devices, perfect gifts and a great product for £30 when on offer.


  As a 73-year-old, I am pretty well up to using computers but have never been a gadget freak. I only bought the Echo Dot to support my new, 3rd generation Ring video doorbell.Setting up & integrating it with the Ring was straightforward & I have it mounted on the bottom shelf of a side table next to my armchair. This provides a real enhancement to the bass tones. The day following I received an Amazon email recommending Prime Music with a 90-day free trial. As I am already a Prime member I thought what the heck!Wow, am I glad that I did. I am a great fan of music from the 60s to 80s, Simon & Garfunkel are my firm favourites. Suddenly I have access to all their music & by asking Alexa to play similar tunes I am instantly transported back to my prime years. No longer do I have to have my enjoyment spoilt by the endless adverts on Gold radio, and all for the bargain price of £29.99.And yes, I have now discovered that I can also listen on my Samsung S10! :-)


  I tried so much to abstain from joining the smarthome and Alexa ecosystem as I felt no need for anything apart from remote camera viewing of our CCTV which we can do anyway. However, I couldn't hold myself back when a few deals come my way to make them too good to pass by so bought several echo dots and other compatible devices.We've got 3 echo dots around the house now all linked up to various plugs and sockets from various manufacturers. Setup as you can expect simple and easy especially if you buy direct from Amazon where it is presetup with being linked to my account and ready to go once plugged into the mains.Small and compact so not intrusive or of a size that makes it look out of place on a sideboard alongside ornaments and pictures.The first installation was, of course, the bedroom, was keen to have the alarm features as well as the other possibilities that it has such multiple alarms as we just love to drift back off to sleep, play our favourite morning radio before switching to another radio station automatically at a set time as well as update us on the latest weather and news etc.The bedroom has a mix of both TP-Link Kasa plug-ins as well as a couple of generic plugs one with energy monitoring (https://www.amazon.co.uk/eLinkSmart-Compatible-Wireless-Control-Required/dp/B07YXQ8YZG) which is used with the electric blanket, interesting to see the power consumption on a daily and periodic basis using the accompanying smartlife app. Along with the headboard LEDs a simple command, make the bed cosy, will have the room warming up with subtle lighting ready to turn in for the night, or coupled with the command 'Make the bedroom sexy' asking Alexa to set the room up for any pending romance which the autoplay of favourite playlists help. What I do like is the ability being able to say this to any of the echo dots in the lounge or even the kitchen too.Lounge is set up with the lamps and Tv, ready to spring into life based on standard voice commands or even the daily timer schedules that I have configured into the easy to use Alexa app. Individually or using 'shut down lounge' all can be powered off with no physical interaction, love it!Liking the bluetooth pairing feature where that each device is capable of, where I can easily pair a smartphone or other device to the echo or even pair the echo with an external speaker / receiver where the various audio services can be heard at a greater volume; especially playing any one of my music services, Deezer, Amazon Music, Spotify, Tunesradio, for one of my favourite playlists.The play everywhere option is great for round the house streaming of music etc where we can walk from room to room and the same music can be heard without the need to have one of the room's HiFi speakers at full volume any more, great for neighbour considerations. Even the Bluetooth speakers in the bathroom and still be able to control Alexa whilst in the bath without shouting at the top of my voice. This setup now kind of makes the installed sound system in the home almost redundant as the sound on the echo dots aren't too bad either.Whilst not identical in voice to the audible service, but understandable none the less, the readable kindle books are another favourite of mine. I can be sat at my desk and voila audiobooks will play on command.Just like many smart devices nowadays, I mostly mean phones, no in-depth manual or guide is included but the web is a wash with tips tricks and advice readily available. There is so much info I was able to repurpose a stationary tablet connecting it up to a small bluetooth speaker and have a makeshift Alexa Tablet (echo show).The list of what I have done so far is long and forever being added to but there isn't much you can't do with the Alexa system and so far am chuffed to bits at the purchases I have made so far for automating and controlling our home locally or at a distance.Now the last thing at night turning off plug sockkets etc is now easily managed with.....Alexa Good Night!I have got to say we are really liking the new ecosystem we have joined.


  First may sound stupid but saying Alexa sounds feels like if you talk with a person. There has been no problems recognising my voice and commands even though English is not my mother language. Can be used with a lot of smart stuff. Got a bulb that wasn't supported directly as brand but I was able to add it as a skill. There are a lot of new skills you can download through the app on your phone. If you are a programmer you may even be able to create your own. The sound is good for the size of the speaker although my volume is always at 1 or 2 - not disturbing others or leaving to play music all night. Off course you can do a lot more stuff with it. Just my main goal was not having to get up to turn on-off the light, play music and similar stuff when I get to bet as I keep it in my bedroom. You can also create scenes were for example by saying Good Night to Alexa she can turn off the TV, turn off the light and start playing relaxing music with just one command.


  While the setup took me a little longer than anticipated (I didn't expect I needed to set it up via a smart phone), I was overall very pleased with the final result. As it's sited in the kitchen I didn't need something with exceptional sound quality but despite its small size it's much better than I was expecting. In fact while it was on offer I bought another dot so I can hopefully set it up for stereo or at least use one of them in the garage so I can listen to music while I'm working in there. I'm not sure how the covering will handle the inevitable airborne grease you get in kitchens but time will tell.The voice recognition works well straight out of the box, it's so far worked with all of my family and in fact everyone who's visited, which is very impressive. As a kitchen novice I've used it to find recipes and read out the ingredients but as a bit of a dinosaur I must say I still prefer to have a book open at the right page rather than either continually ask it to repeat the recipe or, if it sends a link to my fire tablet, have to repeatedly log into my tablet as I'm cooking.My only personal negative is that it has to be kept plugged in and as more and more kitchen gadgets vie for electricity I'm getting short of sockets in there.As well as my usual requests to listen to the radio or my music on Prime, it's faultlessly played background music when we've had people around for meals and provided endless entertainment with a surprising amount of in depth facts and a variety of jokes for those who haven't got their own "Alexa". Overall it's far exceeded my expectations, it can never compete with a quality sound system but especially as I bought it at the sale price, I didn't expect it to.If you're wavering, go and buy one, I can thoroughly recommend it.


  The "Echo Dot" (3rd Gen) is a cool and inobtrusive device to add to any room and from which to explore the wonders of "Alexa"!Unfortunately, my first introduction to the "Echo Dot" turned out to be somewhat of a false start as the device bought for me as a Christmas gift refused to accept the simple setup instructions, instead sitting constantly displaying a pulsating orange ring of light and periodically inviting me to begin setting up! A phone call to Amazon support rapidly concluded that the device had a faulty speaker and should be returned (to the gift givers) for a refund/replacement.As I had already ordered my own "Echo Show 5" to compliment the 'Dot' gift this was setup upon receipt pending replacement of the 'Dot'.  Upon receipt of the replacement gift I commenced the setup, once again using the Amazon Alexa iOS App as before. Thankfully this time all was OK and setup proved to be straightforward with Alexa awaiting my every command within just a matter of seconds!The design of the device is such that it is quite unobtrusive, I elected to place mine discretely in the Kitchen where it sits waiting for my instructions displaying a colourful ring of blue light whenever responding.It took me a little while to understand that the frequently pulsing Yellow ring of light (notification alert) corresponded to advice of an Amazon delivery as Alexa advised me that I had no outstanding messages! On discovering the delivery advice message from Amazon this was instantly cleared so must count as a notification to the Echo Dot.Still getting used to Alexa and discovering new functions day on day!


  I bought this after much deliberation as to whether or not it was just a gimmic and would I really use it...but for £22 (yes that's what I paid) it was worth a punt...and boy am I glad I wentfor it...I love my gadgets but this type of thing never appealed to me,but as I said it's turned out to be the best small gadget to date.  Before I say anything else...make sure you download the Alexa App first as this is a vital to making Alexa work...When it arrived I never even read the instructions and just plugged it in and followed Alexa..it was a doddle..Since having it,I have done all sorts with it, to asking questions...to keeping reminders and giving me the news...Ok..the jokes are a bit corny...but it's fun..What amazed me was the fact it recoginses MY voice after training...and it knows my wifes voice too...it's quite weird..  I read many reviews and I'm surprised how many think the sound is not good...lack of bass...tinny..Uh...It has to be their ears..For the size of it..it has a great sound and it goes quite loud before distortion (there's a bass and treble setting in the App anyway)...but after all...if it's bassy noisy music you want buy the larger brother.Having said this I have connected my Alexa to my Cambridge Minx via bluetooth and it sounds wonderful but you can also attach other speakers via a cable...either way..it can be extended to a more fuller sound..I have an Amazon account but I have enjoyed the free music Alexa plays me so subscription is not needed in my opinion.  So if your wondering what all the hype is about with these small devices..then look no further..buy the Alexa despite the price going up...of course you coulod read the shoot out with Googles offering before you make your choice...but I chose the Alexa and I'm glad I did...Cheers


  loving my Echo dot. Thought it might be just novelty, but after getting smart lights and plugs and setting them all up to work with Alexa, I find I use it all the time. So far I have a lamp and a fan heater on the plus and 2 lights in the front room, all now voice controlled. Works like a dream. Also linked it to my fire stick, so can start and stop movies by choice control. Loving that I have basically any song on choice controlled request. Get weather, news, do quiz games, and (very) bad jokes about whatever subject.I ended up getting another for the bedroom. Now I go to sleep with nice sleep therapy sounds and info at any point.Turning the fan heater on when I'm on the way home from somewhere it's ace.You can also set it to do set tasks and say things on a custom command. Asfter a little fiddling the basics are quite straight forward. Looking forward to getting my whole place voice controlled over time.


  I asked my girlfriend who uses it what she thought.She's trying to fall asleep so said "yep, pretty good 5*" to everything I asked.Anyone would think she'd rather curl up in a warm comfy bed with numerous dogs whilst avoiding any physical contact or conversation with me than provide an in depth review for the hordes of zombified, obese retail addicts trying to validate their useless existences with sincere purchases of white goods, premium electronics and unnecessary groceries whilst theres kids drinking water from stagnant puddles and the world slowly burns.Not only that but she once criticised my cupboard arranging after I ordered all the herbs and spices in alphabetical order....ALPHABETICAL ORDER!!!!I'm not bitter, although I now have a separate spice rack that is both alphabetical and far superior to her poorly arranged mess of a life... I mean cupboard.Where was I?Yep. Pretty. Good. 5. Stars.


  Having had an original Echo Dot since they came out, I can definitely say that the newer generation is well worth the upgrade if you are either (or both) someone who uses their dot for listening to music from its inbuilt speaker or ever struggles with voice recognition.The new gen of Dot blows the audio quality of the original out of the water, for its compact size, that is.  I can comfortably listen to music with the new Dot beside me on the desk at lowish level and be very happy with the quality, especially noticing a lot more base than the previous generation.The voice recognition is also noticeably far improved; the new Dot recognises both the wake word and what I am asking from much further away/at lower volume and more often than before on the first try.I was lucky to pick this up in a deal with a 1-month Music Unlimited subscription for only 99p; however, having now used it, I can say I could have purchased one nearer full price during one of Amazon's usual sales to replace my 1st gen dot and been extremely happy with my purchase.


  This is great! I bought it when it was on offer very recently for £30.00 same day delivery with prime! So, I’d watch this for a bit as it does reduce in price for a very short time only. The sound quality is amazing for such a small thing! It’s small but mighty! Took me a while to buy an Alexa, as I was thinking about it on & off,  but I’m so glad I took the plunge! We mainly use it for the amazon music (which is included with your prime subscription - 2 million songs) and we listen to different radio stations on it.You can upgrade to amazon music unlimited, which is 6 million songs for £7.99 a month, but that’s optional, so you’re not automatically signed up to that. I haven’t found the need to do that yet.Be sure to download the Alexa app on your mobile. You can have a lot of fun with this!You add skills which Alexa will then be able to do via the app. You can listen to music and do so much more with an Alexa.All around were so happy with this! This beats a normal radio hands down! For £30 and same day delivery it’s exceptional!Highly highly recommend!


  I bought this as a stepping stone towards buying the Echo Show, I wanted to try it out and see how good it really is and go from there.So far its fantastic, its gets used daily for setting timers and entertaining the kids. Voice recognition is really good and responses are fast. It even picks up some of the stuff my 2 year old daughter says and she has a slight lisp and her speech isn't the clearest but it will play george ezra when she asks lol.It can intergrate with your amazon prime music, tv/video, and also other streaming platforms like spotify, etc. If you use the device and want amazon music its £3.99 a month compared to the usual £7.99 and that is a fantastic service to have with over 50 million tracks and I have to say comparing it to spotify it seems to pick up song requests better using amazon music, I got fed up with it playing a song I requested through spotify but spotify would only play it by a different artist, I reverted back to Amazon music and every single track so far it has played without any issues.If you have a Fire Stick or Fire TV etc you can get it to play films on said device using voice commands and no need for a remote.My kids use it for spelling, my partner is dislexic and has issues spelling words but this helps out a lot when they ask her we can just ask Alexa ;) its a really good educational toy.For a added bonus, asking it to Fart was fun, and whispering to it and having it whisper back is different its a feature i didnt expect.Since owning it I'm still learning new functions/abilities that it has and to date im really impressed with how well it functions, and the overall build quality is really good its quite heavy for what it is, the sound is great too with music sounding pretty nice maybe over bassy for some tracks but for its size its perfectly acceptable, if you want premium audio quality then plug it in to a home cinema AV receiver etc.I would have to say this is a 10/10 for me it ticks all the boxes so far, well worth the cheap price paid too £22.


  Not happy although the product is adequate and sometimes she gets a little frustrating with understanding me to the point it’s quicker to get up & do it yourself maybe a accent thing and the fact you need to be close by for it to hear wake up command ALEXA which needs improvement it should allow you to command a few things and stay in awake mode for maybe 20-30 secs  before having to say Alexa the next time like if I need 2-3 items doing at once I have to say Alexa 3 times for each command then to see it at £20 off £29:99 a few days after paying for two at £49:99 x2 is annoying aswell. Due to the price I compromised on an Alexa flex at £25:99 for the 3rd room due to cost but if amazon treated there loyal members by emailing up and coming promotions I wouldn’t be left £40 out of pocket and a cheap nasty flex with poor sound for radio I’d have had 3 for £29:99 of these and got a better 3rd one and still saved


  Like it or loath it, AI will become more integral into everybody's daily life.  The Alexa (bought in the Black Friday sale admittedly) is in some ways too good for the money.I worry that I have sold my soul for convenience, however if asked in the 1980's if I would gladly carry a device that tracked my every movement, I would also have recoiled in horror, today I carry not one, but two phones with me!Sound quality is excellent, speech recognition has not failed me yet and the ease of setting up routines such as "Alexa, good morning", mean that I get all the important information (date, time, weather, commute, news and then my favourite radio station) delivered, whilst I concentrate on the important things like getting breakfast for the kids or emptying the dishwasher.Positives:- The range of skills that Alexa has (honestly, there is one to keep your dog company during the day!)- The sound quality- The quality of speech recognition (no issues with anyway from young children to oldies)- The ease of setting up routines to give me what I want, when I want itNegatives:- Why stop at only one... I have more rooms in the house in which this would be great- Integration - not necessarily Alexa's problem, but watch out for the "certified for Alexa" tag, as so many things that claim integration that I don't seem to be able to get to work- Is it "listening to me" worries? (However I assume I am far too boring for the NSA or Russian hackers to listen to, lets be honest)


  Echo Dot (3rd Gen) - Smart speaker with Alexa - Charcoal FabricThe Echo Dot (3rd Gen) - Smart speaker with Alexa is the latest update to the lowest priced Alexa range of smart speakers. It has had a facelift so it now sports a nice fabric covering and has an array of speakers around the circumference rather than the single u-facing speaker of earlier generations of the Echo Dot. It now has four microphones, instead of just one so it can pick up your voice better.Sound quality is now streets ahead of the earlier generations of the Echo Dot so much so that I am seriously thinking of upgrading all my Echo Dots.I have had a couple of the 2nd generation Echo Dot devices for quite some time and they are very useful additions to the home. It is very handy to be able to control things around the home simply by voice command and of course I don’t have to be in the same room just as long as there is an Echo device nearby. I can even turn things on or off remotely with the smartphone app. I have several Smart Plugs and some Smart Light Bulbs all of which are in use for various things around the house.I also use my Echo Dot Smart speakers for all sorts of other things, I ask it where my Amazon delivery is, I ask it for a weather forecast, the temperature, whether it will start raining and a myriad of other things.So useful.


  We have resisted any voice activated technology for quite some time, but one of my son's christmas presents had Alexa built in and we knew he would want to use it so thought it would be easier to manage if we adopted the system in the household generally.  We were not disappointed! Firstly, out of the box it is so easy to set up and as I linked these to my Amazon account when I bought them, it was even easier.  We did have a slight technical difficulty but that was my husband's mistake not the technology.  However we telephoned Amazon support and they helped us to sort out the problem in under 5 minutes.We have bought 3 of these and have them in various locations around the house, we listen to music - we subscribed already to Amazon Music and Amazon Prime so Alexa just accesses these accounts and will make music recommendations based on what we have listened to in the past.  We have only had out Dots for a week and are still learning the various skills that we can access/add.  However so far, general knowledge, music, the time, weather and travel have all been accurate and helpful.  We don't have any other smart devices yet but are considering buying some lightbulbs so that we can set timers on our lights, especially handy when you are out or want lights on for arrival home.The look of these speakers is actually very unobtrusive.  In fact my husband set up the first one in our living room and it took me some time to find it.  However the sound quality for the size of the thing is excellent!  My husband also adds that it was pretty easy to ensure that they are secure over the wifi and did this very quickly and easily.


  I love my Alexa, so much so that I have 4 of them. She is a Godsend for reminding me of things (shopping lists are fantastic) and I love the alarm and music.  I live in a townhouse so the announce facility is a necessity.  I also have smart plugs to turn on lights and such things. Setting everything up is very easy although the smart plugs can be a little fiddly. Would I recommend one or more to you. Totally!  Particularly if you get them at the price I have. I’m so impressed I bought some for my family. So why have I given 4 stars for some categories?  I’m definitely being picky and here is why. She loses connection with my smart plugs occasionally and I have to reset them. Not hugely difficult but a ball ache at times. She doesn’t always recognise what you are saying (I’ve had them for 6 months now). For example. Remind me to turn the chicken in 30 mins. She will then say. I will remind you to turn the chicken in 1 minute. Doh!  You then have to cancel or wait for her to remind you and reset. Completely picky for sure. I have the alarm set and one day she just cancelled it. No reason. Luckily i am the boss so turning up late wasn’t too much of an issue. All in all Alexa is just great. Remember we are still in the early stages of AI and it’s just going to get better. We have totally embraced Alexa and she is worth every penny. Oh one last thing. When we first got her she allowed us to listen to Radio2, 4 and 5. All of a sudden this stopped. This is entirely down to the BBC and I’m bitter and twisted about it. Amazon. Please get the BBC back


  my first smart devicesound quality is above what i expected when seeing the size.  it's not hi-fi enthusiast speak quality, but then the size is small - it has a satisfying quality is how i'd describe it.  i listen to classical and rock music on it as background sound.voice recognitiion is startlingly good.  the microphones seem to pick up well even from over 18ft away (quiet room).i didnt know if i'd like using a smart device or not, but its so easy to ask alexa "will it rain today"  or "what's the time".i found it handy to ask "what is 80cm in feet" whilst continuing to read other instructions.  yes handy.its also handy to know that there is an on/off button, volume controls and a microphone-off button too.so those querying whether alexa listens-in all the time can relax, either switch the mic. off (its a software off)of simply pull out the power supply to it.echo dot also has a 3.5ml audio out so you can hook up to a hifi or a radio etc and have alexa fill the roomwith music, notifications or anything that it says such as timers alarms etc.i found the remindalarm function to be archaic.  i could not program into the app toremind me to do a task every other thursday.  i could only set thursday and repeat, which repeatsevery thursday.  (did i miss something obvious ?).  so be warned.  you can of course go in and seta date for each notification, but that would be so tedious.i purchased on a black-friday deal, and am more than happy with the dot for £22.  whether i'd paymore (or whether i will keep paying for prime !) shall be seen in the course of time.recommended.  try to get it on a deal if you can because you are paying a monthly fee toprime on top of the purchase price , so no prime no working echo.  obvious but i thought i'd write it anyway...


  The 3rd Generation echo dot is much better than the previous version.I also own the first and second generation Echo Dot I was in two minds whether to buy this item. I also have the  larger Echo plus. The speaker quality has improved for richer and louder sound.. You can voice control your music: stream songs from Amazon Music, Apple Music, Spotify, TuneIn and others. You can also listen to audiobooks from Audible.Pair with a second Echo Dot for rich, stereo sound, and fill your home with music with compatible Echo devices in different rooms.Ask Alexa to play music, answer questions, read the news, check the weather, set alarms, control compatible smart home devices and more. You can also connect with others and call almost anyone hands free including UK mobile and residential numbers (from UK only), other Echo devices, Alexa app and Skype. It is built with multiple layers of privacy protection and control, including a Microphone Off button that electronically disconnects the microphones.


  So perfect for what we wanted. Put it in the lounge to control the lights* plugged in to cheap smart sockets  plugged in to our 13amp sockets (*Cheaper than the smart lamps). Previously we had wall light switches we could operate by our SKY handset, but  now we don't have to fumble in the dark or if the handset is not handy.  A Great little add on to Amazon Show.  Easier to set up than the smart sockets!!!  Now expanding for my shed and garage lights at the bottom of my garden, I always leave them on on!  Christmas Tree lights, Electric Blanket upstairs, etc, much better than timers.  Even use the DOT speaker to control the lights for security when we are out.  The uses are endless with Echo Dot!


  I got this as part of the Amazon Music deal and I have to say I will consider buying another of these in future. Alexa is incredibly responsive and has no trouble understanding what I say (A lot better than the Google Nest). There are also countless functions you can set up on the Alexa to your specifications and liking. I paired mine with my Amazon Fire stick which is useful for searching and navigating around the stick via voice commands. Other than this, the Echo Dot can be used to communicate with people in your house while you're away, this is really handy for letting people know you're heading back home and so on. There is also a notification function that can also be used to notify people of your arrival home. I will say my only disappointment is that I don't have more gadgets to use with Alexa! There's a lot of potential in this little device and so far I've really enjoyed playing around with it and seeing what can be done with it.  I've seen some complaining about Spotify integration but this can all be set up via the Alexa app with ease and I've had no problems using it. Overall a very nice gadget, easy to use, customisable, brilliant sound quality, and easy on the eye!


  The ECHO DOT is a totally amazing device. We now have all the facilities of Amazon Alexa easily set up, and cheaply, giving us AI voice-controlled radios, music, encyclopaedic reference to obscure facts etc. We have managed to stump her (we still use the default Alexa name) but she does get most things. What is really amazing, is the quality of the sound coming out of what is quite a small round blob. We live in a part of the country that has major problems getting a lot of radio signals, we can now get out favorite stations, on demand, in beautiful quality. We have had expensive DAB radios that have not sounded as good. I also use Alexa to turn on some compatible mains plugs so that my devices are only run when I want them, I only need to tell ‘Alexa turn on my office” and it does, I have trained it to recognise my voice …If you just get one of these for a radio it would be really good value, but when you look at all the other things Alexa can bring to your household it does seem a no brainer. I was dubious for many years about have Amazon listening to everything I said, which these devices have to do to be ready to respond to commands, but you can turn off the microphone if you want, if you don’t trust that switch you could just plug it in when you want to use it. But that would be such a loss, when there is so much to be gained. Our whole household would riot now it we lost these little blobs!


  I find Alexa doing all that I wanted and more.  I am often using my iPad so could not access music/audio books at the same time, however, with Alexa I can still use iPad but have the music etc. as well.I also have mobility issues and can simply tell Alexa what to do without moving from my chair.  Put the volume up/down, pause, change to something else, start and stop!What I had not realised, my sister-in-law told me, was that I can ask her to set reminders, alarms, make up a shopping list, appointment list, payment list, daily list, in fact any to do list you may require.  As my mobile is connected to the app, I can view these lists when out and about.  Very useful with the shopping list!There are probably a lot more things I can do with Alexa, I just haven’t discovered them, or my sister-in-law hasn’t told me.What do I dislike?  She doesn’t always understand what I say.  (Have been told by, you know who, to use the voice recognition which will help) I forget to start my request with her name, go through a convoluted request and she hasn’t even heard!  Do ask her then can’t remember the exact terminology, she doesn’t “like play the thingummy.”  I can’t stop myself saying please and thank you, then feel stupid!  The only real issue that I find annoying is that she will play a couple of songs from my playlist then stop, my brother says internet has fallen out, and she seems to keep repeating songs from the playlist, two, or three times in succession.  Probably something I am doing wrong I expect.Great purchase for £25!!


  I had read the reviews and decided to buy during Black Friday sale for £22.00Really pleased with purchase, easy to set up, voice recognition very good. I have Amazon Prime so have got lots of music choice to listen to.  Useful for asking other questions / uses etc.I set my morning alarm for 6.20am waking up to Coldplay Speed of Sound - a nice way to start my day.To stop the light from constantly flashing I said 'Alexa do not disturb' and the light went off - this does not affect in any way using the device.I was so pleased with this Echo Dot I purchased another to put in another room.If you are thinking of getting and Echo Dot then now is the time to get one #great price


  This is a lovely little version of the new Alexa Echo family. It’s very small so sits unobtrusively anywhere there is a plug socket. It comes in different colours to blend into its surroundings. I bought the echo dot as at £25 quid I figured it was worth a gamble but didn’t expect to use it much. How wrong was I?  I have used it most every day since I got it. When I stir in the morning but can’t yet open my eyes to look at the clock I just ask Alexa. At the end of the day and I want a bit of light music to go to sleep to, I ask Alexa. I have since bought a wi fi bulb so when I’m drifting off I won’t wake myself up looking for light switches. Just ask Alexa. Want to know the weather forecast. Ask Alexa. It has surprised me how much use I have had from this tiny little thing that I thought would sit on the shelf gathering dust. I was so taken by it I purchased a second one to get stereo sound when playing music. That said, if you are a keen music fan you will surely have room in your life for an Alexa but maybe go for the bigger one for improved sound quality. I find the echo dot quite good enough but I know there are some out there who like that little bit more power.All in all well worth a £25 investment and finding new things all the time. You do need to have a prime or music subscription tho.


  It took me a couple of hours to set up as I'm not tech-savvy, but once it was done, I've never looked back. If she goes quiet, I feel like I've had my arm cut off. The best £30 I've ever spent. I love music and as I am disabled and sometimes cannot move for periods of time, I was having to go without. Never again. I don't know how I managed without it. I have heard that Alexa records what she hears, which is quite disturbing, and normally I would never touch something after hearing something like that, but you just try to take it from my cold, dead hands ........ My son and daughter-in-law came to visit and loved it, so I ordered them one and it arrived home before they did, marvellous, they had to take it away from the television because they have reprogrammed it to respond to 'Computer' and she wouldn't shut up when Star Trek was on.  We all had a good laugh about that. They love it. I only use it for music really and it's on 24/7 as I sleep in the kitchen, but they do all kinds of amazing things with it. I get emails from Amazon suggesting I try new things, but I'm an old dog so I don't bother, good if you're interested though. Found it easy to get into the App and tweak what I wanted. My dog has knocked it off many times and it's still working perfectly. The sound quality is amazing. I use Amazon Unlimited and haven't had to branch out to anything else. Only one little complaint, she doesn't have 'Poor Boy' by Split Enz in her database, don't get how that happened, but otherwise, my best friend.


  A great update and vast improvement over the 2nd generation device. This is a good choice at the normal price, but for half price at £25, you'd be bonkers not to buy it if you're considering something like this. Sound quality is very good for it's size. Up to half volume, it's sounds surprisingly rich. As you crank the volume up, it looses it a bit, but depends what type of music you're into. Mid and top end are good throughout, with bass sounding very nice up to about 50%, and then slowly dropping off on higher volumes. With the bigger speaker, I usually have mine running at 40% volume and it fills my lounge no problem. The Alexa service works as well as it always has (which could be interpreted either way to be fair...). Overall, very pleased, and for £25, get it while you can.


  Received as a birthday present having had no inclination to buy one myself. My son thought it would be ideal for me to use in conjunction with smart plugs & lighting due to having rhumatoid arthritis which affects my hands considerably as well as my mobility/ability to bend etc.Wow, it's fantastic. The Echo Dot, plugs & lamp bulbs were easy to set up through their Apps & have made life considerably easier for me.I can now play all my music & more through the Dot rather than bending to put the stereo on & the sound quality is superb, not at all tinny.I'm very happy with my new little helper & there's lots of features to explore which I'm sure will make life even easier. I've just got to get used to talking to it as I mostly use the App to switch my lamps & TV etc off!!For someone as sceptical as I was as to how useful this would be for me, I'm very happy with my birthday present, it's a great addition to my little gadget collection.


  Overall the .Is very good not much difference from the echo except the sound quality is a bit less bassey But this complements the echo gives you a lovely rich sound which is why I have got them in the same room although I have them at either ends so I can control from a large area. Connection them out via the app is not a problem but when you connect it to a sound system or TV it can be very very hard to do and sometimes it is very difficult so much so that I deleted them all started again. Mind you I have got them connected to the TV (fire stick) the TV as well sound system and that works very well until something happened and then I couldn’t get them working again which is when I removed them all from the app and started again. It was great as if I asked to play music it will turn my TV on display what song was playing that was really great and beyond my expectations unfortunately I’ve lost that now


  Christmas present for my son (8) - He hasn't stopped using it. He is forever asking Alexa questions and playing music. I heared him the other night doing fornite quizzes with it.  He even sets himself reminders for the morning.Anyway I set it up and it was just a case of plugging in and downloading the app on my phone and hooking it up to the wifi. Was so easy. My only small issue is that I have one prime account and 2 of these dots ( for the kids) so only one of them can play music or if i am out in my car and i play music from the app on my phone then none of them can at home. I discovered I can upgrade to a family account but its a lot of money that i can't justify paying at the moment esp as they are still quite young. Anyway its not been too much of a problem so currently just living with it. lol  I am now considering getting one of these  for myself as its such a cool device. My favourite thing at the moment is i can send announcements to thier rooms when I want them for something - no more shouting up the stairs. Final note -Alexa at volume 10 is loud and the quality of the sound is crisp and clear at this level. You can whisper to her too and she whispers back so its great for setting a morning alarm and waking them up.. Everyone can have so much fun with this device..


  This is small and unobtrusive, but has a surprisingly loud volume (easily controlled by voice or manually.) For several days we had fun asking questions and holding conversations etc. Quickly, we realised that in order to enjoy music, you need to subscribe to Amazon music, with a monthly cost attached. As a new purchaser of the Dot, I was offered 3 months free subscription  which I have taken up - not sure what I will do when that time is up.  After two weeks, I bought a set of 4 Smart Plugs, which I have set up in various places, with table lamps plugged in. Now we can tell Alexa to turn lights on and off - great fun and very convenient. I am now convinced that to get the best out of the Dot, it is necessary to spend a lot more money on accessories to operate home appliances. If you want to control your central heating for example, you will have to invest a chunk of money. My wife likes the music but has to remind herself to always say, “Alexa, ...........”, otherwise nothing happens! Good fun, but be prepared to spend out further wads of cash if you want to control your household devices.


   I'm usually a fan of the competitor, which shall not be named here, "OK"?Having received this Echo Dot as part of a promotion; 99p when you subscribe to 1 month's Amazon Music (which I'm also a big fan of), I have to admit that I'm close to swapping all of my devices over to it. The voice recognition and customisation is far superior and the app integration is much easier to use and setup. As a big user of Amazon for shopping too, it makes complete sense to me.I cannot fault this. It feels modern, more advanced than my other system and works flawlessly.5 stars and a big recommendation.This works so easily out of the box; it even arrived pre-programmed to my Amazon account. Im a huge fan of everything Amazon, so I'm genuinely contemplating moving everything over.


  I was bought an Echo Dot for Christmas a couple of years ago and it sat in it's box for three months because I thought I had no use for something that did nothing that Google didn't do. Then I discovered that it not only played radio stations via the internet (I had no radio) but it also could be played through my hi-fi. I hooked it up and was massively impressed and I've used it pretty much every day since. With Prime I have access to my music library and a load of music from Amazon too. For me the Echo Dot is pretty much a voice controlled music playing device. I have little use for any of its other functions.A couple of years on, with the  annual price reductions, and I couldn't resist the temptation to get another for the bedroom. This time it's being used with it's own speaker which is fine, and a lot better than I would expect for the price. This 3rd generation unit is a good bit bigger and heavier than the first generation version I have downstairs. It makes a handy alarm too, and can be set with a sleep timer so I get nice relaxing music as I drift off each night. The only problem with the alarm is that the volume is full on. Could do with a gently rising alarm sound, but apart from that, I'm as happy with this as I expected to be.


  I've had the dot since day one! Love it - use it all the time.I use it mostly to listen to music from Amazon Music and Spotify, TuneIn Radio and loads of podcasts.The speaker upgrade for listening to music is brilliant! No more tinny cheap end audio. Now we get pretty high end clear crisp music audio more in line with an expensive Bluetooth speaker. It definitely leans towards the bass end of things but I like that!Of course we mainly buy this for Alexa! I ask her to. . .Set alarms for morningSet timers for cooking or to remind me of somethingGive me local weather updatesNews updatesSports news and live scoresRead me my Kindle booksCooking/recipe informationCall my partner on her Echo Dot (you have to sign up via the Alexa app for this)There's thousands of skills to activate incuding loads of great games to play. Try Lemonade Stand or Yes Sire!Yup absolutely loving the upgraded Dot! Well worth it at the current pricepoint.


  We already have a couple of ‘standard’ Echo’s around the house, but l bought the Echo Dot to connect up to my vintage Hi-Fi system. Simply buy an interconnect lead that has a 3.5mm jack plug on one end to the Dot, then connect the other end (which has 2 x RCA phono plugs) to the Aux input on your Hi-Fi amplifier and then the sounds of the Tunein Radio stations run through your Hi-Fi system. You can now enjoy superb voice controled sound. Of course, you stlil have to switch on your Hi-Fi every time, but hey, the vast improvement in sound quality is fantastic. Don’t forget: when the 3.5mm jack plug is inserted into the Dot, it effectively ‘switches off’ the Dot’s own speaker.


  Alexa is a multi-tasking artificial intelligence that you can train to recognise your own voice. Android 6+ or Apple 10+? Then with the app, you can simplify tasks, check to make sure you haven't left anything switched off, or, perhaps create a routines say using geo-cache to switch on the heating when returning from holiday. Switching lights on/off in different rooms giving the impression someone is at home. Setting the kettle switch on to boil, switching the oven on or perhaps the slow cooker off if you are delayed at work.... the possibilities are as open as your mind and as secure as you want them to be.Security concerns?As with anything requiring an account password, make it as complex as possible and change it at least every 30 days. Use a password manager (which only needs one Master Password) to create and access the app/website(s) when configuring the hardware by separate complex passwords.Whilst using password managers use a complex phrase or sentence (Master Password) using special, caps, lowercase and numerical to replace capitals or certain letters and then you can create and (password manager dependant) set to auto-change website/app passwords. You only change your Master Password when you need to, but again, I do recommend you change it frequently to protect your Password Manager... Security is down to you, they are your assets and access your privacy.... you don't leave a key for a burglar, do you!?!?


  Likes- almost everything. Being quite small the sound quality when playing really good music is not the same as a good sound system. But then why should it be? It is small, so does me fine. I now use "Alexa" instead of my digital radio and Virgin Tivo box radio channels. All voice controlled. It is wonderful.Set up was wonderfully easy- took less than 4 minutes.Frame your questions and requests properly and you will almost always get a positive response.I thoroughly recommend this device.GO BUY!!!!


  I decided to try the echo dot out after one of my friends bought one. It was pretty cool seeing them operate their heating and lighting in the house just by speaking or using the Alexa app on their phone.The echo dot is quite small really, like a really thick hockey puck but the little guy actually produces really good sound for the size and it gets pretty loud. I do slightly wish it had a bit more oomph but it's hard to expect more from it given its size.I don't have a lot of Alexa enabled items in my house unfortunately but I have been able to test out general stuff like asking the weather, getting football results, activating a morning routine which tells me about traffic, news bulletins, weather and more at the start of my day.In terms of recognising my voice the echo dot has been spot on every time. Even at moments where I've mumbled my words, it still seems to understand the question I'm asking which is brilliant really.Spotify integration works really well and the ability to skip explicit songs has been a god send really. Sometimes you just want to blast some music out and not worry about family or friends hearing music that's explicit due to its lyrics and subject matter.Setting everything up was really easy and I imagine most will have a simple time setting everything up. Pairing via my phone's Bluetooth when I want to listen to some locally stored music was as easy as pairing both devices and playing my music.The echo itself looks really fancy in a modern looking room but you could easily miss it due to how small it is. It's compact size makes placing it in your room really easy. All in I have to say I'm happy with the purchase. I've seen one in action before so I already know that it'll control house appliances really well, but whilst I wait to get a bunch of Alexa enabled items, the features it already has and it's ability to just be a really good small Bluetooth speaker is all I need in the meantime.


  I am a lover of apple devices but having said that I think that amazon dot rocks, it gives a gateway to automate your lighting, Bluetooth devices, heating and above all a voice control that works and works well. Amazon has not tried to corner the market by singling out amazon equipment so pretty much all your subscriptions/devices work with the dot. The sound for such a small device is great but if you already have Bluetooth speakers you now have the controller for them along with which ever music subscription that you have, it all just works. I have tried the lights and they work as described, change colours and dim up or down with voice control, the only down side is if there is a power cut they will default to on, but then there is an alexa device that is 10a for controlling the circuit that will default to off so a combination of the two gives full functionality, I have paired two dots in the bedroom to give a fuller sound and the sync capability is spot on, the sound is immersive but does lack the base, maybe the next purchase. I tried a single echo and whilst good also lacks the bass but it would be great with two and a bass but then you might want to consider a set of Bluetooth speakers soundbar but voice controlled by alexa for an ultimate rock the house setup. The routines that you can set for alexa or whatever your command word is it is brilliant, all lights on in the morning followed by an update on your calendar, the news and weather really intergrates the internet into your home, it almost replaces google search...……. I havnt tried creating my own skill as yet but it seems most are available. if you havnt tried this and love tech/being lazy or flash then it is a must have especially for the price.


  Took a while to arrive but that was only due to the demand that grew from them being heavily reduced (this is the 3rd I have brought and the others have arrived quite promptly.) Works really well, quite easy to set up and has great voice recognition. It has lots of features and is very useful. Works well with spotify premium but if you are just using free amazon music be aware that some features such as playing specific songs and the command in lots of the adverts ("play the song that goes...") wont actually work and just play similar songs. However there are lots of songs on the free amazon music service so long as your happy listening to a mixture of song that a similar to what you asked for (though it does tend to include what you asked for at some point in the mix!) Sound quality is fine - I wouldn't recommend trying to play music for a party blasted out at top volume through it but for all other purposes it is great (I think you can also add an external speaker which I haven't tried if you are completely set on using it for a party!) I have found that I have had to restart it a few times for different reasons - setting up new functions in the app that didn't seem to transfer across without a restart, routine stopped working Boxing Day however I think that was a major outage. However restarting it isn't an issue as long as you can get to the plug as its literally just turning it off and on again and waiting 30 seconds and then you are ready to continue whatever you were doing. Also if you are using it quite loud to play music its mic volume isn't that great and you do have to shout at it to get it to hear you - but to be honest it has to be playing music at a volume you would have to shout at anyone to be heard!


  I have Alexa on my fire tablet and phone but never really been tempted to get an echo but Amazon was doing a special promotion where if you signed up to Amazon music unlimited you got the echo at reduced price so I bit the bullet and purchased for my 18yr old daughter.She has it in her bedroom and she loves it.I haven’t read reviews on it but she says a lot of people complain about sound quality and volume and the fact it doesn’t recognise a lot of what you say? My daughter has had none of these problems.The sound quality is great when playing music, the volume is loud so much so she often turns it down ( but if you really want to blast them tunes out you can connect another speaker) and Alexa understands everything my daughter says even when she has just woke up and is mumbling lol.My daughter is still discovering all it can do she already has it controlling light and plugs ( with smart bulb and plugs) and is busy discovering new types of music.She is 19 but has trouble sleeping and Alexa played soothing sounds ( ocean and music) Alexa was very funny on Halloween talking in spooky voice and telling scary stories.Im tempted to get one for downstairs but didn’t like thought of it listen to everything I said !! But when I read you can turn off or mute listening ability was lot more interested.My daughter is delighted with Alexa at moment and although I got at bargain price il be quite happy to pay regular price for another and still feel got good value


  I bought this as a Xmas present for my over 70yrs old parents.They love it! As they can't navigate the Internet very well as they find even Google confusing, I thought this might be a better solution.They love it!They are both hard of hearing and wear hearing aids and the volume is very good and clear for them. Also the sound quality is really very good and my dad being an old hippy of the 79s, loves his music and was surprised at the quality l.The only downside is that they have the tv up loud to hear properly and some voices set Alexa off. In the middle of countdown Alexa started talking and playing a record! They tried to stop it but it wouldn't listen and this has happened a few times.But not enough to put them off as they can research and search for things and still giggle at the answers. They listen to the radio.  And best of all my Dad can get his beloved Spurs football reports and scores.They want to get the lightbulbs next as it will help alot.So all on all this has been a great aid for them and they think it's wonderful and are having such fun with it.I want one now


  I've been using it since last year, actually Christmas Presents X 4. All of them been working flawlessly must be said. And whenever things doesn't function as it should, well  a simple reset (power off/on) seems to do the trick. Only mentioning this for those who might having some issues. Honestly, it's a must, the kids can't have enough of it and so do i specially while i'm cooking, basically wet hands, play/skip/volume up and down at ease, very practical indeed. I like the way we are heading with this device which make life very easy and promising indeed. Keep it up guys, well done pretty pleased 10 out of 10.


  Where do I start, now I can’t imagine life without my echo. I am thinking of upgrading to the show 5 now it is out and this one will reside in either the kitchen or living room but for now it controls essentially everything in my room. From the lights around my bed to my ceiling light, floor lamp, table lamps, air conditioner, curtains, blinds, fireplace, tv, led strips where does it end? I love the fact that if I can’t be bothered to find my phone to check the time I can just simply ask and my personal friendly assistant will tell me the correct information every time. The notification feature for deliveries from amazon is also great. Sometimes I never know when things will show up and it’s great to have a little heads up. The games and other skills are surprisingly fun and interesting to browse through. I’ve had hours of fun with friends and my partner playing these. And the speakers on this are great. Amazing bass, crisp treble and piercing highs and lows. I would never think I could have such a great speaker in such a compact area that can also do so much more than most think it is capable of. These devices truly are the way into a more convenient and user friendly feature. Keep innovating Amazon, you’re doing a great job and if you want to send me any more of your products to review in future I’d be more than happy to wink wink hint hint. In all seriousness though I love this product and the only issue I have ever encountered with it is that sometimes the audio quality is a bit crackly and distorted when playing music. But I’ve heard this is through not having a very strong internet connection. Since upgrading my home network I have had no issues so I believe this claim. If I could say anything to anyone contemplating getting any echo decide it would be go go go!


  I decided to grab this during Black Friday, as I had been wanting one for awhile now.First impressions:It took a few attempts to get the Echo Dot to connect to the Alexa app on my Samsung Galaxy S7 (with the Black Diamond NFE ROM). But once that was out of the way, the rest of the installation/setup was easy. I was already somewhat familiar with Alexa and its capabilities due to having the Alexa app for Windows 10 installed on my PC, along with other Alexa enabled devices.Again, during Black Friday, I decided to grab a pair of Koogeek Wi-Fi smart plugs, which have their own setup processes. Those are connected to my Raspberry Pi 3B with Octoprint, and my 3D printer. Grouped together as simply "The Forge". Not to mention I have some LED strips that are Alexa enabled as mood lighting.Putting the Echo Dot to the test, the voice commands and response is reasonable. It's safe to say, that I feel like I'm in Star Trek.One thing I'm a little disappointed about, and I wish I had known beforehand, is that for one reason or another it doesn't use a USB cable. You're stuck with a barrel connector. I originally wanted to use a portable power bank for it to be a little wireless. There are third party solutions to do this.All in all, though. I am happy with my purchase.


  This wasn't so much an intentional purchase as my Alexa Echo dot came with my Hive but now that I've used it I love it! I add things very easily to my "shopping list" as and when I run out of things during the week. When I am in the supermarket I open the app on my phone and tick off the items as I put them in the basket.I like the ability to set timers on it (e.g. to give the kids a 15mins more screen time I literally say "Alexa put a timer on for 15 minutes", kids hear this and when the timer sounds they know that's it). From an educational purpose i've found it very useful. I have it in the dining room and before we got Alexa if there was debate or kids asked random questions it was a case of "will be easy enough to Google search" but then that would have to be done afterwards. Now with Alexa I have far fewer "I don't know the answer to that question" as a response because if I don't know I'll simply ask Alexa - and bang! Most time there is an answer.Would recommend.


  Having gone through various attempts to connect my brand new Echo Dot (3rd Gen) with clock (a Christmas gift from my daughter) to my broadband internet via wifi, and in the hope of pairing it with another brand new Echo Dot (3rd Gen) without clock, to provide stereo sound in my home office, I called the customer support line at Amazon. A very helpful assistant then led me through various repeated attempts to connect the clock model with my internet, but after about 30-40 minutes informed me that they would send a replacement free of charge and a returns label for the return of the defective unit. I know that the assistant had been working remotely on my system during this process, but I was amazed when the new Echo Dot arrived the next day and once plugged into the mains power it connected immediately with my wifi and paired with the other Echo Dot in my office with no need for any use of the Alexa App. or input from me. I don't know if I should be frightened by this level of technology -v- privacy or not, but on balance I am delighted with the outcome and the two Echo Dots make a very rich and clear stereo sound in my home office. Job done in the end - shame it didn't happen as promised originally, but thank you Amazon for a successful resolution


  You either love Alexa or you don't. As a device for voice communication in a smart home it is small, accurate and produces a rich quality audio for what is a small speaker. We use Alexa to control a Sonos audio system for music and Internet radio.Alexa is getting ever smarter all the time as new skills and responses are being continually added.For the money the Echo Dot is probably the best value for bringing Alexa into your home, particularly if you can control better quality audio players from it. We also have a couple of Echo Flex's too for locations we simply want voice control for smart home devices.On the issue of data security, the main reason people reject the idea of smart speakers in the home, I simply say do your research. Your data is collected every time you go to the supermarket or use your credit card. Amazon obviously use your data to target advertising to you, but, so does everyone else!  Amazon actually has strict protocols to protect your data, us, you can always flick the off switch if you feel particularly paranoid.


  Received my Echo Dot as a birthday present not really knowing what is was. As a subscriber to Amazon prime I was pleasantly surprised to learn this was a supported product that could be used without further cost or subscription. Still learning about all the features and full potential of the device but so far I have the following positives:1) Sound quality, volume  & base is exceptional for the speaker size.2) Wi-fi connection very reliable and no sign of any buffering despite relatively weak reception from the router. In that sense it is vastly superior to the wifi Firestick, purchased some years ago and never really used owing to buffering issues. In fact the Firestick was utter junk in comparison!3) Looks very neat and takes up little space.4) Good selection of tracks and albums available from Amazon Music (free with Prime) tempted though to upgrade to Amazon Unlimited.5) Begs the question whether this will now replace my internet radio, it's so versatile.6) Has an audio output socket to enable amplification etc if required (not tested yet)The only criticism I can think of, it's a shame it doesn't incorporate a rechargeable battery, having to keep it connected to 240v mains supply creates a loss of portability.  In short, well recommended.


  I've had the first and second gen echo dots but always used them for command input only and any music playing was done through SONOS next to the dots. However, this new 3rd gen have much more impressive sound output and you could happily listen to the radio through this in the bedroom or kitchen. Don't get me wrong, the sound quality is nowhere close to the SONOS ONE or Play One but they're a much bigger and more expensive speaker. However, I had a SONOS one in the bedroom coupled to an Echo Dot 3rd gen and use it as a mornign alarm and to auto-play radio in the morning. I found that the radio output from Dot is more than enough to fill the bedroom adequatley without distortion so I've removed the SONOS from the bedroom and put it to better use in the kitchen.  The microphones are also improved over previous versions and able to hear you from futher away without having to shout.


  I love the fact we introduced these Alexa devices into our home, we now use smart accessories such as light bulbs and even plan our day using Alexa. The Alexa dot is ideal for all the family and everyone can use the device with ease. Set up is incredibly easy and takes a few minutes.The features within Alexa are fantastic and I love the Alexa app as you can add additional features which is really cool - it allows you to somewhat build your Alexa device into whatever you want it to be, I have so many skills on my Alexa. I can play my favourite music quickly and easily, listen to whatever radio station in seconds and even find out the weather. Alexa really does do everything and can also control most additional smart home devices.I highly recommend the Amazon Alexa!


  We now have 3 echo dots - one in the living room, another in our bedroom and a 3rd in the kids' room. I was dubious about the supposed benefits of a (possibly) sentient AI present in the home, attempting to make sense of commands from householders ranging in age from 3 to 43. But...it just works.Perhaps the best example of this is how easily the kids have adopted the technology. Our boys (aged 3 and 6) just love asking Alexa to play their favourite songs on Spotify, read a story on Cbeebies or give them random facts about dinosaurs (and when it all becomes too annoying, you can stop voice recognition with the touch of a button).We own an ageing Pure internet radio and wouldn't be without it. But Alexa just makes it so easy to request any of our favourite radio stations in the evening - Jazz FM, Mellow Magic, Classic FM etc. At bedtime, Alexa obligingly plays soothing ambient playlists, helping the boys off to sleep.Other reviews laud the improvement in sound quality of the 3rd generation - owning neither the previous Dot or any other Echo devices, I have nothing to compare this to. What I can say is that the sound quality relative to the size of the speaker, is impressive. Whilst it won't necessarily handle parties or larger areas so well, the Dot easily caters to an average-sized room for day-to-day domestic use across a range of audio sources (radio, Spotify, Prime Music etc). The integration of an equalizer within the app only helps tweak your preferred levels according to room/location etc.The app itself is relatively intuitive and a set of on-screen instructions guide you through wi-fi set up, adding your first device and so on. Adding new devices and skills (kind of like virtual apps) is simple too - you can name each (we've done that according to location - living room, master bedroom etc.) and access the individual settings quickly and easily. All I would say is that it f something goes wrong in the setup of a device with the app, it's quite easy to get caught in a 'loop' when attempting to repeat the process - but I was eventually able to resolve this and, to be fair, it only happened the once.The device itself has a satisfying weight and looks great (we have both black and white devices) - the ring of light is easily visible, even on a bright day, and the overall build quality is excellent. The 'far field voice recognition' is quite simply brilliant - Alexa will pick up a command from any part of the room (command activation defaults to 'Alexa' but there are other options available in-app) with no issues. Use of the voice-interface is surprisingly intuitive, and very quickly feels natural - I was really surprised at this as the thought of speaking to a device just seemed odd before.Alexa also appears to understand variations on common commands, which again all helps with that intuitive feel - to the point where I find myself wishing my other devices had this technology (physically interacting with my internet radio - albeit touch screen - now seems somehow clunky :-).If, like I was, you're thinking 'is this just a glorified bluetooth speaker?' - all I'd say is give it a try. At the current price of £29, you can't go wrong. All I would suggest is that you consider buying two whilst it's reduced, as you'll very quickly find yourself wanting another.


  This is my first dedicated voice assistant received as a free promotion from my ISP. The sound quality of the speakers are excellent and have a good bass as opposed to being squeaky. It’s heavy but not uncomfortable. Voice commands are actioned promptly with very little delay/pause.The set up process requires the Alexa App mines on IOS. I found this very slow it took 5 mins approx to pair and be connected to home Network and didn’t appear to be doing anything as device couldn’t be found by App. Just be patient.The Workflow options are extensive and links to various calendars MS/Google/iCloud. This will take getting used to but with practice I should get the hang of it. I have noticed the volume seems to reset? to a higher level 30-35% is good for me, with Alexa responding even from 25ft when I speak slightly louder. I haven’t played any games or trivia yet though my son has he’s 6. And enjoys the responses. I recommend this product, however it’s more ideal for productivity and organisational people. The App allows all actions to be viewed and deregistering can be done in the app to remove your Amazon account. Many accessories and IoT devices are also available.


  Having experienced Google Assistant for around six months on my smartphone and Android smart TV, then deciding to give Alexa a go, I was rather disappointed with Alexa's performance when compared to Google's assistant.Fair enough, it does most things that you can reasonably ask but what I find disappointing is if I ask Alexa to turn on the kettle, she simply replies OK, whereas Google Assistant says, alright, turning on the kettle... and so on.I feel that such a device must confirm what it is turning on or off, just in case it misunderstands a request and switches on or off the wrong electrical device.Google Assistant also seems to interact more personally with myself, and it intigrades more easily with me and my smart devices and as I have YouTube Premium and YT Music, it even lets me upload unlimited music and videos to the cloud. (Google 1) and it fully interacts with my Android TV and its applications, whereas Alexa is not fully compatible and just performs basic features like switching on and off, or volume up and down.I would recommend, if like me your smartphone, TV and chromebook all run on Google/Android, then Alexa is definitely not for you and Google Home Mini is a better alternative, which is what I have now purchased. By trying the Amazon Echo dot and Alexa, I have realised that my life interacts so much with Google that there is no room for Alexa, so reluctantly I have returned my echo dot, which in itself is superb in sound and voice clarity, very well made and a beautifully crafted device with the added bonus of being able to shop on Amazon without lifting a finger.Amazon is an amazing company, I am a Prime member and enjoy many of the benefits of Prime but unfortunately  for me, the Echo dot and Alexa are not suitable for my specific requirements but having said that, it is without doubt a unique device and has many benefits for most people but for me and undoubtedly many others, I feel that Google's Home and Assistant offers a much more personal experience and the Assistant addresses me accordingly and not simply like a statistic.I would go so far to say though, that Alexa and the Amazon Echo Dot are great in both value and functionality for most people, it's just that some people require to interact much further with their device for much more than basic functionality with everyday use.I would recommend that people check out fully the differences between the two prior to purchasing a device because if you make that error of judgement, you then have the inconvenience of a return and another purchase but Amazon Echo Dot with Alexa is perfectly fine for some people's requirements.Sorry Alexa, and Amazon Echo Dot, unfortunately for me, I must stick with Google Assistant on Google Home.


  My review of Alexa  echo dot 3 gen,Sound is really good, no more than i expected and im not disappointed.Voice recognition is very good to be fair, although occasionally without any prompts she may just butt in on the convo at home, but so far only happened twice made me laugh to be honest, obviously felt a lil lonely.Took me a while to set up i would say download app first and go step by step with the promptsSo mainly ive listened to music made a shopping list which then appears on your app on your phone quite handy.Im sure she does tons more still finding out, oh and if you have a bored child which everything is boring and youve run out of entertainment get alexa to fart its hilarious and entertains the most bored kids and adults if their bored too.Wish her good morning and she will give you a random fact of the day from a random year.It was bought for me as bday present and i genuinely love it.Apprantly you can make calls to other alexa users ive no idea how  not got that far yet.You can even ask for volume levels i usually have it at volume 3, pause songs continue, ask for the next song,Size wise i think its a nice size, especially if you havent loads of room its about the size of a saucer,The only thing i would say is a longer wire is needed, so amazon maybe look into this.


  I got this as a gift for a birthday of a 12 yr old. He LOVED IT! He had fun stting it up and then asking Alexa everything he could think of for a few hours. Then the rest of the family had fun thinking up things to ask Alexa too.The speaker itself is not very big size wise, however it can play music loudly and you can adjust things like the bass and treble, very easily. It stops what ever you ask it to do, immediately you tell it to.  I think the handiest think it can do, is ring anyone on the users contact list, and when you get through to the person on the phone, the quality of sound coming from Alexa is superb. The 12 yr old called his mother, and when she answered her phone, it was so clear it was as if she was in the room with us.The device can control ANY SMART DEVICE YOU OWN! This one is the most basic model AND YET IT CAN TURN OTHER SMART DEVICES OFF AND ON, SUCH AS TV'S AND SURROUND SOUND SYSTEMS. OH AND YOU CAN LINK IT TO ANOTHER SPEAKER OF THE SAME KIND, PUT THAT ONE IN ANOTHER ROOM, YET YOU CAN SPEAK TO THE PERSON IN THE OTHER ROOM VIA THE SPEAKERS.And if you have a smart kettle, you can tell Alexa to boil it for you!  Ah.maze.ing!I think if you are looking for a gift for someone who loves gadgets, this is by far one of the best for the price!


  These little clever speakers are great.I bought this one for my Wife and placed it near her as she does a lot of work at home after teaching all day at school. She likes being able to just ask Alexa those questions she wants answers to and Alexa usually gets a useful answer. I have a Google Nest Mini in the mancave/office as I ask harder (and probably weirder) questions and the Assistant gets better answers. My first Echo dot is in the kitchen connected via 3.5mm jack to my ancient 1984 NAD 3020 amp and the kids can connect via bluetooth so they can't kill the amp again.The Mrs uses her Echo Dot for playing local radio via voice commands. She also uses it to turn the volume down on the kitchen dot when the kids have their music too loud :-) Annoys the hell out of them!


  This is brilliant, so, so useful. I bought it as a toy at a discount to play with, and now have a huge load of expensive related bits coming! I'm lost when it's not in the room with me (several more on way).On the other hand:You need a music source. The basic free Amazon stuff is not great. Fortunately I'm a hi-fi fanatic and and IT professional so I have plenty of sources.The DAC is lousy. If you care about music quality the spending STARTS with this thing.The privacy concerns are enormous. This is basically a speaker and a mike attached over the Web to Amazon. I'm now immensely law abiding and in late middle age. Would I have this listening in to my life in my twenties? I think not. Think angry ex partners with passwords, police with an agenda and identity hackers.Not only privacy, but the real work is done by offsite servers over which you have no control. Last couple of days they've been playing up a bit. Nothing you can do when that happens.Still, love it. An easy five stars.


  Bought one of these for upstairs. Already have an echo in kitchen. Sound quality is great. Perfect for an average sized room. Would have bought this instead of an echo the first time had I realised the sound was so good. Set up as a second device is so easy if you already have one and have the alexa app. I just plugged it in and within a minute it had connected own its own. Already find the "drop in" command very handy as an intercom between different rooms. No excuse for the kids upstairs not hearing you call them. Bought this when it was at £29.99 but don't think I would pay the full £49.99.


  This is my 2nd Dot and it's great.So easy to use. Alarms, reminders, timers, apps and of course Prime Music and it's so easy that everyone can use it with no problems. Love it.Obviously if you're a spy or one of those nefarious people that doesn't want those nosey parkers in Amazon HQ listening in to all your super exciting secret dialog, you might want to consider just getting an MP3 player with an alarm clock attached with a bit of gaffatape.Personally, me and the wife don't tend to talk about lots of secrets and stuff like that. It's mainly TV chat or what's going on with the shopping, though recently there's been a skin rash, but the cream is taking care of that.And of course when the cream runs out, Alexa will order is some more.


  I bought this for my mum for Christmas. It was a last minute purchase because I felt uninspired. I thought she wouldn’t use it as she is in her 70s and doesn’t have a Prime account (yet). Our family has a Dot and we use it to control Hive heating, Hue lights, a WeMo socket, Prime music and Audible. She has none of these things so I felt she would be limited in ways to use it. I was wrong.A week later she was sitting listening to radio 4 on it. Alexa had woken her up, reminded her to take her pills at 7 o’clock, had helped her with spellings for her thank-you letters and had welcomed her home to her empty house. Mum had even decided to purchase a second one so that she didn’t need to move it from room to room. I am amazed!Unfortunately, learning from her friends at church, Mum has also taught my daughter to make it fart and meow at the cats! I think this calls for a Granny lock.Don’t underestimate the versatility of this little gadget for all ages.


  I'm still getting used to the Alexa, as I'm very new to her and her features (or skills). But, with what I've discovered so far, I am very pleased! The Echo Dot (3rd Gen) is a cracking piece of equipment that is proving quite invaluable to me. The fact that you cando virtually everything hands-free, amazes me. The sound quality of the Alexa is also pretty awesome! I mean, the bass is literally insane and the range of skills you can get her to do, is neverending. The possibilities are indeed endless, and I am very impressed! However, the only thing I would say is that sometimes I have repeat myself before she carries out my request. Also, linking up to my two WiFi routers, proved extremely difficult in the beginning. Everything's alright now, thank goodness! The last thing is, some of her skills could do with quite a bit work. I mean, linking up to Deezer is virtually impossible. A lot of skills are rated two star out of 5, which doesn't fill me with much confidence. However, I'm sure Amazon will make them better and improve their performance over time. That's all I have to say on her, as overall, Alexa is pretty amazing and she's one fab smart speaker. I'm so glad I bit the bullet and purchased her! I would definitely recommend her to anyone.


  I was so excited for the eco dot arrive as it was a birthday present of the husband. It arrived before the expected delivery date and was packed in loverly box. Opening the box the device was packed very well and neat. The box design is loverly also.Setting up the eco dot was much easier then i thought tuck around 5 minutes connecting to my phone and bluetooth and wifi.The eco dot has great features connecting alarms timers storytime music. My kids love asking alexia can you tell me a joke she has the most chessy jokes but my kids seem to haw with laughter. I have my eco dot set up in kitchen and connected it to the radio so can listen to radio also i have spotify so i cant comment what free music they is on there as it automatically connects spotify. The volume is very loud when turned up the app is very easy to use to connect features to the eco dot. I would recommend the eco dot i was lucky enough to get mine half price but i would pay full price worth money.


   This is a solid bit of kit.  The charcoal grey is smart and sits well in pretty much any environment.I’ve posted loads of photos so you can see how big it is etc.What I will tell you is it is SO VERY EASY to set up (took me 15 minutes from breaking the seal on the box to actually being able to tell Alexa what I want to do next).Sound quality is pretty good - though I wonder if anyone has developed a bracket to put it on the wall to use a clear fat surface as an ‘amplifier’ - I’m going to buy another to do this in my kitchen... just not sure how to get them on the wall.  Anyway... I digress.The app is very simple to use on my iPhone and I have had no problems getting the dot to sync with Apple Music.It’s a good thing and I plan to buy some accessories so I can turn things on and off via voice.  I have mobility issues and being able to turn the light on with my voice would be actually amazing.I really thought these were just hype.  I have my Mac in the kitchen and i thought that I was happy with that as well as my other devices in other rooms.  I didn’t see the point in buying anything from the range as I have my phone etc. So I was bought one as a gift and it is honestly the best present I’ve ever had.  I promise you won’t be disappointed in the benefit you’ll get from it.  And like I said - it was SO easy to set up - It took me like 15 minutes and that included taking photos too.When this is on a deal snap one up.  Or maybe two.  I definitely need about 5!I am converted!


  I ordered an Echo Dot when I saw the 99p offer with an Amazon Unlimited music sub. A real bargain! It came next day as I have Prime delivery.I can’t  believe the quality! Very good indeed. Easy to set up, great sound, I linked in my Apple Music sub. I have a Marantz amplifier so tried it with that. Obviously far better stereo sound - but for general “around the house listening” (in a bungalow!) the speaker is pretty good.I bought Alexa-compatible sockets and connected my lounge lamps and now even my electric car charger (it’s a hybrid so normal socket at 10 Amps). I have solar panels so when it’s bright enough outside I can tell Alexa “Car charger on” brilliant!I was so pleased I bought my Dad one (full price  but still worth the money)!My Dad is 86 so now we can “drop in” on each other from pretty much anywhere in our respective bungalows. So it can be used for emergencies too if someone is unwell etc.My Dad is also delighted with his. He likes asking for music, Classic FM, etc. If you don’t have a music sub it will still give you random music based around an artist.All in all one of the best gadgets in my home.I’m going to set it up with other lights and gimmicks!


  Had my eye on purchasing a Dot for a long time now, and after using the 3rd generation at a friends house, I finally took the plunge, especially as it was on sale at half price.Pros* SOUND - Great sound quality for such a small device. Bass levels are way better than expected, and the highest volume level still retains a decent clarity. Enjoyed putting it through the ringer, playing metal, electronica, indie, punk, classical etc etc through it. While it won't beat something like a Sonos Sound Bar, for £25 I'm thoroughly impressed* ALEXA - The sensitivity of Alexa has surprised me, being able to pick out it's command word in the middle of parties when noise levels are really high. There's only two downsides to using Alexa. The first is trying to decide what to ask her to play! The other is that housemates are currently very wary of her, thinking she's listening to their every conversation! So there's some acclimatisation that needs to take place* BUILD QUALITY - This is definitely a step up from the 2nd Gen Dot. The previous version had a utilitarian vibe that made it look extremely cold, and it would stick out in a room like a sore thumb. 3rd generation has definitely improved upon this. It can now fit snugly in any environment, and doesn't look out of place on any surface. My only major gripe is that the 2nd gen versions power was provided through a USB port, which meant that you could take the dot out with you if you had a power bank. Unfortunately this isn't possible with the 3rd generation, although you can probably buy an adaptor for this.Overall I'd thoroughly recommend getting an Amazon Echo Dot, and if you see it on sale then there's really no excuse


  I'd always resisted having one of these, I just didn't see the point. "when Alexa can make me a cup of tea and bring it to me in the garage then I'll have one" I was found of saying to my daughter. Then she bought one. I still viewed it with sniffy disdain until  I started playing around with it. Within half hour I was converted. Ask it the news, it'll tell you.  Ask it to play your favorite radio station, it'll do it. Set an alarm, done. Play me some workout music - boom! It's bloody brilliant. It's my my radio and CD player redundant! I've ordered a second one with a clock which is going to replace my creaking clock radio alarm in the bedroom! The unit itself is compact and neat, but the sound for its size is very good - a tad bassy perhaps but not to the point of annoyance. I know you can get add ons that turn on your lights and do other tasks but I'll look at those when I'm too old and gnarly to get out of my chair. For now, I've very happy with its basic functions. I really do look forward to the day through when it can bring me a cup of tea in the garage. Just a matter of time....


  Ever since I watched Captain Kirk and Mr. Spock speak to a machine that answered back and did what was requested, back in 1969 (BBC 1, 7.25 on a Tuesday Night) I wanted the future to hurry up and get here.  It has.  Yes, I'm aware it's not quite Majel Barret (Gene Roddenbury's wife and No. 1 in The 'Pike' Pilot or Nurse Christine Chapel in TOS) but to stand in MY kitchen and say stuff to a small round bit of metal and plastic, which then does what you want it to do, is ABSOLUTELY BLOOMING AWESOME!  I won't go blethering on, because if anyone is reading this, you have got to get one of these in one format or another.  Aside from loads of different things you can do with it, from radio to weather to reminders to lists, it's still BLOOMING AWESOME.  Some things you can buy defy description in words, they are that good and a long winded praise session is pointless so I'm just going to say this to anyone who reads this.  BUY ONE NOW BECAUSE IT'S BEYOND AWESOME! LLAP.


  The 3rd Gen Echo Dot is so much better than the previous versions.  The sound is now far better and much louder. I prefer the power lead and connectors on the older versions but this is not a problem really.  The Echo Dot 3rd Gen was already linked to my amazon account and connected to my Internet on its own once I plugged it into the mains.  A software update was also performed within a few minutes which took no time at all to complete.  If you are not happy with the default sound settings, you can tweak them via the Alexa ap. You can also ask the 3rd Gen dots to check for software updates simply by saying "Alexa, check for software update".  Which you can't do with previous versions.  There are other things that the 3rd gens can do that older versions can't.  It is worth making sure that your Alexa ap is upto date and having a good look in the menus as several things have changed! I am now in the process of swapping my older echo dots for the 3rd gen ones. I highly recommend them.


  English is not my first language and my mother language is not support via echo dot. But I found the echo dot is working very well with my voice, even when I speaking broken English. I am really glad to own one of echo dot. I am planning to buy another one. Make it even better. I think the echo dot is the best product from amazon. Thanks amazon very much.


  I've bought a few of these for family members, for Christmas. I also bought one for myself, but on the high street, actually in duty free at an airport, it was the only place that had them in stock at the time. I actually took it on holiday with me and used it in the hotel room as my alarm and music system.Definitely worth a try, especially if you manage to find them on offer. They were £24.99 when I purchased them, bargain really, for what you get. At the very least it's a decent bluetooth speaker, even if you aren't part of the amazon eco system.I have 4 echo devices around the house now and it's great that you can group them together and play the same music throughout the house, especially at Christmas time!Also bought some smart plugs, so now I use Alexa voice commands to switch on/off the Christmas lights and electric fire etc.I can understand why these sell out so quickly.


  I can't believe I waited so long to get one! It is excellent value for money, especially in comparison to the other Echo devices.I bought it with some smart plugs to voice control the lamps in my house. I didn't realise how useful this would be until I had it, especially when trying to bring in shopping and my two young sons.The sound quality is excellent for the size - in fact I can hear it playing music clearly in the next room. Of course it cannot compete with more expensive sound systems but it is well worth it for the price.Whilst impressive, my only gripe is that sometimes it doesn't pick up what you have said, especially when requesting songs from Spotify. However, I've found that changing your enunciation usually fixes this.I have also noted that it isn't the best when you ask it questions in comparison to the Google devices. However, this isn't something that would put me off buying an Echo device as there are plenty of other devices in the house to fulfil this need.I will definitely be buying more for around the house.


  The Echo Dot is a lot smaller than it looks in it’s picture, which is good, it makes it easier to tuck away. However, it is mighty in what it can do! I’m having so much fun with it! It will time things for you, so you don’t have to keep watching the clock, it turns my LG television off when I ask it to, and it sets reminders for various things that I’ve got on my ‘to-do’ list! On the down side, it tells really awful jokes and it added ‘rocket teeth’ to my shopping list after hearing something on the television! But overall I would recommend the Echo Dot to anyone, it’s amazing, it does so many useful things, you will wonder how you managed without it! 


  Being an early adopter of the 1st Echo, I was already a 'convert' to the idea of a digital assistant and home automation. I was a little skeptical about the quality of the sound in the dot range but it turns out that this 3rd gen dot is superior in every way to my 1st gen Echo!The sound quality is good, easily filling our lounge which is about 16ft x 14ft with music that has a reasonably well balanced dynamic range that can be adjusted in the app to suit your needs or preferences. I bought some smart plugs, (non amazon), which integrated seamlessly with the dot, so know I can voice control all the lights and media in the room.I still think that a lot of the 'skills', (apps) are mostly silly, (there's only so many times you can listen to a cat miaowing or the sound of a fart!), but on the whole Alexa is a really useful assistant if you're willing to integrate other apps with it. For example, having my daily schedule read out to me in the morning from my google calendar is really useful in getting my head around what it is I need to prepare for the day. And sitting listening to my audio books is a treat as the voice quality is really good.The other thing I've noticed is much improved is the voice recognition, and yes "Far Reach" really does work! I call out from my kitchen to skip a track or set a timer without having to bellow to Alexa any more; a huge improved on the 1st gen Echo.There are lots of other features that you can read for yourself in the product description that I have yet to try, such as streaming my phone via bluetooth, connecting echoes together and using other subscription bases like Spotify or Apple Music.All in all I'm very happy with my purchase and will probably look at automating more of my home in the future... For me, this is one of the products great strengths...


  This neat little gadget is nothing short of a miracle. It is a voice-activated radio with a lovely tone but it also acts as an alarm clock, a list-keeper and a light-controller. I have not yet used all its features but I have asked it how many calories in a banana, for a recipe for fish (hundreds) and the weather. I have added to my shopping list by voice (v handy when my hands are messy in the kitchen) by voice and it adds it to the written list - and vice versa. Somehow it is a friendly presence and I am now ordering my third. It would be a safety measure in the house of an elderly person who could ask it to phone someone for help if they were in trouble, even if lying on the floor after a fall. Another safety measure is the ability to turn on your smart lights when you are away from home via the app. It is the best bit of cheap techie kit ever made - and easy to set up.  Now, Amazon, can you be less sexist and add the option of a male butler! Jeeves perhaps.


  Purchased for my daughter for Christmas so that she could play her music in her room. Huge hit. All the children love bossing Alexa about. Even the two year old was demanding “Alexa dingle  bells” On Christmas Day. Since then we’ve had a few issues. The connectivity with Spotify is made more complex than it needs to be, which makes it harder for young kids who need to state from Spotify before naming the song. I caved and purchased Amazon music, which was the clear goal, but it keeps the kids happy and leaves Spotify to me. We’ve had a few rebooting moments already, which again is fine but requires an adult rather than a six year old to get done. As a device it’s incredible how quickly everyone moves from doubter to user. It’s certainly helpful but equally you could imply insidious. However, for the purpose that it was purchased, namely to let my children enjoy playing their own music and making play lists it’s fantastic value for money.


  I didn't see a need for this but i did need a new alarm clock. A clock was more expensive so i decided to go for this and see if i liked it.I'm so pleased with it. I set up all my alarms throughout the day,  reminders for important calls or appointments and it reads the news & weather every morning when i wake up.It plays radio stations and if you get an Amazon prime account you can set up playlists but the free options are pretty good too.I've since bought Alexa compatible plugs so my lights,  tv, security cameras and even my computer equipment can all be controlled via Alexa or the app. This means if I'm out and have forgotten to turn something on/off i can sort it out via the wifi plugs.I love it and I'm just sorry i didn't get one sooner.I would also say that if you are disabled this will make your life easier because,  along with the plugs,  you can activate your lights and devices by voice.I really can't recommend it enough.


  The newest Echo Dot is a massive step up from the prior generation. First of all it looks sleek as ever. The cloth finish screams sophistication and is more like a product you would want to have out in your living room. It reminds me of the Echo Dot cases that Amazon used to sell for the older less beautiful devices.The 3rd generation sounds great. Don't get me wrong, you won't be able to replace your fancy speaker system (I use a jawbone big jambox), but it will do its best. It can get rather loud in a living room and you won't need speakers if you're not too fussy about sound quality. And lower volumes (1-5), the sound quality is acceptable for a non audiophile. Once you get up to 6+, it tends to sound a bit flatter and you'll start to notice possibly some noise.In terms of microphone quality, this is miles ahead of the 2nd gen. It can now hear me (a bit creepy?) from the bedroom if i speak out into the hallway. It almost always is able to understand and enact my commands.Overall this is a massive upgrade and even if you do have the 2nd gen, i would recommend the upgrade. Amazon has made a fantastically cute little dot which does all the things stated on the tin.


  This is a great little bit of kit, I got one for the kitchen to use instead of a large cumbersome radio, ( Roberts radio) , I like the size and voice recognition, I ask for certain music or radio stations and I don’t have to touch a thing, if I want it louder or quieter you just say what you want, I integrated it with lights and plugs, so I don’t even have to switch the light on, plus I get to change lights colour and brightness.I like the echo dot so much a got another for the living room and connect it to wireless speakers to get better sound, it’s not the loudest device but I didn’t expect it to be, given the size but it does a good job on its own, connected to another speaker it is grea, I can do my exercise and ask it to change tracks or radios without having to stop.For the price and size it really is a great bit of kit, I can even make shopping lists and buy from amazon using it.One of the only drawbacks is sometimes it can’t understand what I ask, or hear me at times, I put that down to a noisy room and my request being a bit complicated, as well as my accent, ( Scouse ) but mostly it understands what I say,  which is more than some people can ;)


  this is quite a nice piece, small but mighty, don't be fooled by it's size. The speaker has been upgraded in this new 3rd gen and it's very noticeable, it absolutely fills my bedroom with sound, unlike before, it's come a long way. The bass is rich and there's added depth. When turned up there is no loss of quality that you would typically get with a bad speaker.My primary use for it is as a Bluetooth speaker since I don't pay for Spotify premium or Amazon music unlimited very often, I stream from my computer bluetooth dongle to it and it works wonders, I'm getting rid of my other computer speakers because this is so much betterThe price point does go down to £30 occasionally, it's fairly modest even at £50. We have 1 in almost every single room in the house. It can set reminders, alarm, play radio, tell you a story, tell you weather predictions. I like how sound comes out from the sides instead of down as before, this change gives the music air space to flow betterI also like the build quality. I think Amazon would do well to have a range of their own-brand products in general if this is anything to go by, there's plenty of scope to do so given how smart this design is and they have the budget to play with.AUX cable input in case you don't like or want to use Bluetooth, plug your headphones in to keep the noise down for others at night time.Does everything as before with Alexa but the speaker did need improving and now it's everything it should be. I would like to see the 3rd gen tower Echo but there's no word on that yet, for now and for a medium size bedroom it is perfect and there's nothing I don't like about it. Highly recommended.


  I can’t live without it now. It’s become something I use every single day.My boyfriend has always been against getting an Echo Dot. He’s always avoided using things like Siri. However, he pretty quickly started to love this Amazon Echo Dot.We use it for plenty of things; alarms, timers, weather forecasts, news, music, helping me sleep, checking orders etc. There is plenty it can do.I loved it so much I purchased another one, now we have two; one in the living one and one in the bedroom.I love just sitting on the sofa or doing the washing up and being able to get Alexa to play some music. It’s also very good when people are visiting.The voice recognition is the best me and my partner have ever come across, and the sound of Alexa’s voice is soothing.Alexa also has a humorous side, for example, if you ask “Alexa, do you fancy a cheeky Nando’s?” Her response had me and my partner in stitches.


  I have two echos (first and second gen) in my house and when there was a prime day deal for 2 x dots and 1 x smart plug for forty five pounds I thought I had nothing to lose so jumped on it. I am so impressed with this little item. It feels nice and weighty and has the exact same buttons as the Echo (2nd gen) on the top. The sandstone (pale grey) colour is bang on trend and very cool, ditto the white power plug and cable. Set up was easy if you are already in the Alexa eco-system (though hardly rocket science if it's your first either) just plug in and wait a minute or two while it natters way in several languages and soon it is job done. Voice recognition and audio output is amazing for a unit of this size and I have put it in the spare room for when my grandson stays over or when I'm upstairs cleaning/faffiing about. These are perfect for the bedroom - rain sounds or talk radio on a timer to help send you off to sleep and a not-too jarring alarm to help you get up. My daughter has lucked in for the second one and I'm the like the cat's pyjamas bossing my side lamp to turn on and off at will (or remotely via the app when I'm out) with the smart plug too. Five stars all day for this.UPDATE - have just bought the clock version for my mum and that is a great buy too. No more faffing about with clock radios for me.


  Very useful, arrived by Amazon within 48 hours.Download the app to your smart phone, and connect through bluetooth then create and personalise your account.E.g. "Good morning Alexa"  Alexa will give you the weather, a BBC news update and a reminder of things to do from your calendar.You can listen to some songs, however for something like £3.99 per month you can have all songs available from rock n roll to classical.You can play games with alexa, problem solve, add to your shopping list, switch on and off or dim lights. (You need alexa smart bulbs for this)Overall a good product, my daughter enjoys it and it can be educational if asked the question.E.g. "Alexa, state the 9 x tables"Another good point is that the light will flash yellow if you have any new notifications, in regards to an order status.


  After making a considered purchase I can actually say that Alexa is really useful.  I love the sleep sounds and it’s so useful setting my alarm by voice control rather than faffing around with buttons. The shopping list has made a difference, I can add things as and when I remember so I’m not sat trying to remember what should be on the list.  It’s handy to ask Alexa to tell my teenager that dinner is ready rather than spending time calling him.  I can listen to my library of my music too.  I’m learning tips every day.  It’s great for the weather and temperature. Plus I can ask Alexa to phone people on my contacts list but also I can ask Alexa to remind me to phone them.  I’ve asked it regarding recipes ingredients plus asked it all sorts of questions and got decent answers.  I have PTSD and the meditation music is great. Plus trying to remember stuff is so much easier.  I think the price point of £25 was on offer and I’m grateful that it was reduced as I would never be able to afford £50.  It’s really helpful.  I’d like to see a male voice though please or a choice of voices as sometimes I’ve no idea what she has said as the annunciation is sometimes Americanised but it’s a small issue.


  Thisd new 3rd generation Echo Dot is slightly larger than the previous two models and eschews the flat, can-like shape of the old models to create a fabric based, slightly bloated looking device.  There's good reason, though, because the speakers have been massively improved in this new model and almost match that of its big sister.Having owned both of the previous generations of Dot myself, the quality of sound is so far improved that you'd be forgiven for thinking that this would be a far more expensive device, but it isn't.  In addition, the field of voice recognition seems to have also improved based on the tests I've done from around the room and even in the kitchen, talking to it while it sits in the lounge.It can do all that the other Echos can; control the lights (if you have compatible Smart lighting), thermostats, smart plugs etc, tell you the weather, play games, turn on compatible TVs and Xbox One through your voice and much more.  New skills are being added all the time to expand its powers.So while it remains somewhat small, like its predecessors, the new Echo Dot has some great chops when it comes to sound and is well worth the upgrade.


  This is my second Alexa and I will be soon buying a third.Really good voice recognition and excellent integration with Phillips hue, Panasonic tv  & blu ray player, nest heating, and smart plugs.Obviously the more thing you buy for your home the more Alex’s you possibly need, I.e. I have one in the kitchen one in the living room and the third will be going upstairs, you don’t need to but it does make life easier instead of shouting from one room to another.The music side is very good, easy to request songs or stations.Good integration with my Spotify account also (the free one).One small downside is the voice to voice calls with friends or family who also own a device it was a little on the quite side and background noise was picked up very easily and interfered with the call quality.Other than that highly recommended.


  From an audiophile-ish perspective - the sound is fairly impressive compared to what i was expecting, (thought it was going to be tingy treble and barely any bass) id reccommend people who are looking for casual listening / smart home setup honestly give these a go before spending more on the larger devices. Obviously, now i have hooked mine up to a logitech bluetooth receiver that is then wired in to a pair of wharfedale bookshelf speakers and the connectivity and playback is flawless after a decent alexa routine had been set up (this doesnt do routines, you need a home hub echo plus for that) - however a word to the wise, if expanding beyond the max volume output of the device, expect some issues with Alexa being able to hear your commands as this does only have 4 microphones on the top) but that is as expected to be honest, for £25 its fantastic, but if its full whack at £50 id just splash out on the bigger ones instead.


  I recently purchased my second Echo Dot and boy am I glad!! First of all I got a great deal and bagged the item whilst it was on offer with Amazon Music (I would happily pay full price), second, did you know about drop in? I discovered this whilst browsing the Alexa app. Now I have two children 13 and 14, neither answer their phone (believe it or not!! I know I know I cant believe it either). Anyway, so getting hold of them when im out is a nightmare...… but OMG this feature is AMAZING!! Best thing ever!! I literally go to the app, click drop in and all of the sudden I'm on speaker in the kids chill out area! They are always in that room so I get a response instantly!! FANTASTIC!! No more listening to the ring tone ring out!! Highly recommend!!


  Received an Echo Dot as a Christmas present from my daughter.  The sound quality for such a small size is  reasonable, and compares well with many small radios.  However, being a real HiFi buff was wondering what use I could put this device to, the kitchen seemed a likely location, but this was already adorned with quality HiFi loudspeakers connected to my main system, which the diminutive Echo Dot couldn't hope to compete with on sound quality.  Yes you can ask the Echo Dot all sorts of questions, but could this be linked to the HiFi?  The answer is yes if you have a Bluetooth input, my tuner has this facility, and wow absolutely amazing.  The Echo Dot can now be heard in full HiFi stereo via Bluetooth, and this facility can be switched on and off by simple voice commands.  By saying 'Alexa Connect Bluetooth' this connects the Hifi, say 'Alexa Disconnect Bluetooth' reverts back to Echo speaker.  The quality and functionality like this is amazing and unexpected for the price, for example I could now hear LBC Radio in stereo, whereas only available outside London in Mono on DAB, and the actual sound quality due to bit rate much higher..  Add to this, also have a table lamp controlled by the Echo Dot.  An amazing device, and used daily.


  This is our 3rd alexa in the house and this one in connected to the audio receiver / stereo system via the 3.5 mm audio jack. When setup into a group with the other alexa's an echo and a second dot it produces sound throughout the home at a comfortable level. Before we had this the main stereo would be cranked up so loud to get the sound around the house that the room the stereo was in was like having your head stuck in an guitar amp. Now we have a pleasant level across 3 devices producing a full sound across the home and the bonus of connecting the the stereo gives some extra base. Being able to control the music from any room at the same time is something I couldn't live without now. With the echo devices more is definitely better. The gen 3 dot  setup was pretty much automatic as we have devices in our network already and the sound from its own speaker is incredibly for it's size. Once you have one you will want more!


  I bought three of these devices, one in each colour and I find that some respond better than others.The voice commands work very well if the house is quiet but if you turn the volume up to maximum you really have to yell at Alexa before she will respond to you - presumably she cannot hear you over her own sound. You could use the volume controls on the device  but it’s not easy from the bath and it defeats the purpose of voice controls.A note about Audible - I bought these three echo dots so that I could play my audible books and hear them in sync all over the house. In order to do this you need to create a group of speakers and play the audible book on the group. You cannot do this using voice control and must do it from the play option on the Alexa app.Sound quality - The sound is very good for listening to spoken word but I am not so keen when it comes to music. It’s fine until you turn the volume up loud and then it becomes distorted.There is no way to use these devices wirelessly so you are limited regarding placement.There are lots of great features such as news, weather, alarms, telephony etc. There are too many features to list. I find that I use my dots every day so they have proven to be good value for money.


  I have these in my bedroom and have made them into a stereo pair, unbelievable sound quality, I love listening to my playlists all day and the stereo sound is great. It's way better than I thought it would be. I also have the echo which I had for my birthday and the sound on that is excellent but the 2 dots stereo sound I think is better. I may get another echo in time and pair them to see the difference.Alexa is great! I love how she talks. She is very versatile too. She has a lot of things she can do, tell jokes, give you the time, date, weather, play games, switch on lights (I've got some waiting to put into my bedroom light and lamps but at the time of writing this review haven't got them set up yet)Rather than tell you everything she does I will say how I use her.I don't sleep well at night and find it handy ask Alexa what's the time please? She tells me, saving to bother putting my glasses on and peer at the clock, lazy I know but it works for me. In the morning if you say Alexa good morning she tells you a fun fact about the day in history or someone famous birthday. If you ask Alexa give me my flash briefing you get the news and various headlines. I always ask her about the weather, tell me a joke, ask for a fun fact, to play my music, read an audio book and she even reads a kindle book you have without the audio book, her voice is a bit robotic when reading out these books and it's sometimes a bit confusing but if I'm feeling lazy I ask her to read to me. She tells short stories, plays trivia games and quizzes. Loads of things.I've mentioned about the stereo sound of 2 dots together but even one on its own has a good quality sound to itI found it easy to set up, used it all from my iPhone after getting the Alexa app from the app store, once I downloaded it you just follow her instructions and it was good to go. The only problem I had with my first for was a green light whizzing around her light display which meant I was receiving a call from someone but I didn't have any calls however I left it over night and it went off so didn't last.The light ring flows different colours. Purple and blue when she's listening to you she then speaks when an aqua light followed by a blue light. The ring goes red when you have it on mute or the internet isn't working. And a white light partially around the ring when you adjust the sound volume, lastly a green light whizzing around means you have a call or message or a notification, ie, when you have ordered from Amazon the green light comes on and it mean you will get a delivery, if you ask her Alexa what are my notifications she will tell you whats arriving that day.Both of my dots are the sandstone colour with a white top.On the top are 4 buttons, volume up, volume down, mute and activate. There are also 5 pin microphones one in the middle when the other 4 evenly spaced around the outside.The dots are mains only and have a long cable and chunky plug there is also a port for a aux cable but they are controlled wirelessly by Bluetooth if you want to join them to your own speakers.I love mine and I'm very pleased with them. I'm getting either the echo or another dot for the lounge and already have an echo in my large kitchen diner. I bought both of mine on sale but even the normal price is reasonable.


  I have three eco dots now and I do love them but since i added the third I am having a few issues with music playing on the everywhere group. It’s hit and miss and sometimes works for a week with no problems then at other times will play music on two but not the third. I have updated all that need doing and finding resetting them actually seems to work best. I spoke to amazon about the issue and they were great! For the moment everything is working how it should be. Can be very frustrating especially when turning up or lowering volume there seems to be a delay. I am all new to this smart tech only buying my first Alexa about 8 months ago. But my life has got a lot easier with Alexa and I am thinking about introducing other Amazon products to my home. It’s a learning curve and without you tube and amazon customer service at times I would be lost but well worth the new brain cells created! Would recommend highly!!


  I did a lot research before I bought the dot. I wanted it mainly for music and Bluetooth for listening to YouTube. It came and I was happy - genuinely surprised at how good the sound was, as well as all the other Alexa bits.In the back of my mind, I was thinking - should I have got the bigger Echo? Not because of any lack in the dot, just wondering as you do.So I ordered the bigger Echo and thought if it's much better I can return the dot. The Echo arrived, and it is better sounding than the dot. It would be, it has bigger speakers and is aimed more at sound quality.But I had got used to my Dot sitting in my conservatory giving me great sound on tap - mostly YouTube via Bluetooth which it connects to my S7 Edge instantly and never drops the signal. I liked my Dot, it was small and unobtrusive and did everything I asked of it - weather, train times, even jokes. So I kept the Dot. In fact I kept them both.The Echo now resides in my bedroom, which is where I listen to music mostly while reading, or just playing tracks I haven't heard for a while.The Dot stayed in the conservatory and my mates are always commenting on how good the little Dot sounds and several have bought them for themselves.The Dot is small, but substantial. It's sound is WAY better than the previous Dot model. Honestly, unless you need a party loudness, the little Dot will be more than adequate for your musical needs for a kitchen, bedroom or conservatory (even a bigger room as background player). It does a lot more than just play music and YouTube, but that's what I bought it for. I will no doubt explore other functions as time goes by. Very happy with my Dot. Thoroughly Recommended.


  The Echo Dot is an amazing little gadget- somewhere between the size of a giant full stop and a small pillbox hat of the type worn by Jackie Kennedy in the 60’s. It cost me 22 quid during the Black Friday Season. I got it as my pre-Christmas toy. (I’m only 76 and it helps  to keep my brain oiled). It was up and running within minutes. A doddle! It was very easy to pair it with my Hive Thermostat and Hue Hub. Now, all I have to do is say ‘Alexa, let there be heat’ or ‘Alexa, let there be light’ and sure enough Alexa responds like a well trained gun dog.I am an Amazon Prime member so I can stream ‘free’ music. This is somewhat limited. I could pay extra to stream an unlimited deluge of music but don’t wish to do this as I have an excellent collection of CDs and a very good hi-fi system.So, I must conclude by saying that the sound quality from this mini-marvel, mighty midget is superb. BUT please don’t confuse the Dot with a fully blown wi-fi system. 22quid? What a toy!


  A couple of years ago I decided Google was my choice for assistant. We have been very happy and now have a Google speaker in every room of the house.I decided to buy an Echo dot just for in the living room to control Fire TV. Didn't need it to do anything further as Google turned lights etc on off dimmed.Was really pleasantly surprised with how much easier to set up the Alexa was than the Google.With a Google speaker if I want to add another Smart Life item, after setting up firstly in Smart Life I have to remove the app link from Google and then reinstate the link in order for it to show. Alexa simply states you have a new device.The flashing notification to tell me that my Amazon delivery will be today is pointless and rather annoying but on the whole a very good system.Not sure that I will switch the house completely to Alexa as I have already invested in the GH speakers and screens but have serious intentions to add further to my smart house setup soon.


  Wow, I am amazed by these.  I just bought a couple because they were cheap and I thought, it might be useful for reminding me of stuff as my memory is terrible but I have been genuinely surprised by the quality of these.First of all, the voice recognition is excellent and whilst not perfect, particularly with some more odd sounding songs titles, generally it does an amazing job of understanding most of what I say.Connecting was very easy, maybe the easiest connection I have had with anything electrical I have bought.The sound quality from these speakers is great, considering their size.  They don't have great base but otherwise they sound excellent.  They also have very good volume and I rarely need to play them at full volume.  I really like that I can connect to different radio stations and the alarm feature is great.I have limited experience of using them with other items but so far, it works well with anything I have connected it to.I don't particularly like giving 5 stars to a product but I can for this, it isn't perfect, sometimes it plays a different version of a song that I like but generally it does a great job.


  Honest opinion! The echois a bastard to set up! The Alexa App is as slow as a slug. You require a bucketful of patience to proceed from once step to another, it is very frustrating. I have a Sky Q System and carbon fibre broadband., but it even defeated this. I reset the setup, Finally it connected and boom or so I thought. Nope. Constant internet drop offs  and loss of signal, communication failure and silence, despite system indicating normal high strength/excellent reception. Back in the box and forgotten !Six months later I gave it another wizz. App still very slow, but it connected. Amazing!  It still fails to retain memory, but it works,which I suppose is a bonus. The sound quality is very good and based on that I bought a Dot. Unbelievably it paired straight aw and now delivers equal quality sound. Obviously the app is the main problem. Beware! Have bags of patience and be prepared to lose a couple of days of your life setting up!


  My stepson had one and i fell in love, for such a small speaker, it certainly packs a punch, surprisingly loud. I love being able to create my own playlists, but..... lots of songs are on amazon unlimited music meaning you pretty much have to have it if you like a good mixture of music, £3.99 pm, a little dissapointed but you still get a few good songs and you can always connect to bluetooth and play through youtube or another streaming service.Not too hard to set up could be a little finickey if you're not very tech savvy.And its great if you're forgetful like me you can set reminders and alarms, overall very pleased, plus it helped getting it at a really good price, £8, and you just sign up to unlimited music for a month trial.Overall very pleased.


  Bought as a replacement for the kitchen radio, which finally died after a quarter of a century of service. I doubt the Echo Dot will last as long, but it’s great fun in the meantime. Very convenient in a kitchen to be able to turn on the radio, adjust the volume, change channels and even listen to catch-up via BBC Sounds, all without using hands. Also great to be able to ask questions like, “Is it going to rain today?”, “What’s in the news?” and “What’s on TV tonight?”, and to add to a shopping list, ‘to do’ list or set a timer verbally.  Having enabled and set up the Bus Times skill, I can easily find out when the next bus from my local stop is due when I’m rushing around trying to grab a sandwich before heading out, and the National Rail skill will do the same for trains from my local station.Remembering how I struggled with Dragon Dictate years ago before giving up in despair, I find it amazing that the Echo understood me and other family members straight out of the box – sometimes it doesn’t know the answer or misconstrues a poorly worded question, but only rarely does it mis-hear. I’m not a music lover so I wouldn’t pay £50 for a radio substitute, but it’s good value for the £16 I paid as part of an Amazon Music Unlimited trial deal. The only weird thing is I found it whistling along to the washing machine on a spin cycle the other day – are they talking to each other and planning a domestic appliance uprising?


  I LOVE my little Echo. I got it as part of an Amazon Music unlimited deal, and it has been great so far. I use it to play music while I work, either from the radio or through Spotify. I have used Amazon Unlimited Music a few times, and I'm happy with it, but I think I'll stick with Spotify as my main streaming source. It has been invaluable for us as a pet comfort when we are out. We put on a ClassicFM or a classical pet playlist and it keeps them happy - it was useful on bonfire night!It's great for asking the weather, and traffic before I leave for work. I also love being able to set reminders and timers whilst cooking, and adding things to a shopping list as they come to me.Overally I'm REALLY pleased with my Echo, and I'm beginning to think I couldn't be without it.Oh I also love the quality of the item - a solid, sturdy little unit that was really simple to set up. I like the fabric sides, the colour (white) fits with my kitchen nicely. It's inobtrusive and a good size, and the sound really packs a punch for a little unit.


  This 3rd generation Echo Dot is, certainly as far as sound is concerned, a vast improvement over the old 2nd generation! I did find however that I needed to adjust the graphic equaliser to suit my tastes, otherwise it was a trifle too bass heavy (and this is from someone who likes House Music, LOL). Using the Amazon Echo app on my Fire 10" Tablet, I adjusted the Base setting one notch downwards and the treble fully up as far as it would go. Of course, you may have differing tastes to me, so try playing around with the graphic equaliser until you obtain a sound balance the suits you. The Dot now plays all sorts of music with a full blooded sound that makes all kinds of music sound rich and listenable. The other Echo functions perform well, as usual. Overall this Dot is visually and audibly a major improvement.UPDATE:-My old echo dot was sitting in a drawer unused, but I needed  new Streaming device to plug into my HiFi amplifier, I already had a Chromecast Audio, but that is being discontinued by Google, so I have now plugged my old Dot into the amplifier using a 3.5mm connecting lead and can stream music and other audio from my Fire tablet straight into it and guess what? it's sounds fantastic! A couple of things I did via the Amazon Echo App:-1) I changed the Wake Word of the old dot to "Echo" so it would not respond to to me when I call out "Alexa" to my new echo dot. I could have pressed the "Mic Off" button but didn't want the red light showing all the time.2) Again, using the Amazon Echo App, I set the old dot's volume to around 80% so that there was sufficient audio drive into my HiFi amplifier.Note:- I can also connect to the old dot via bluetoooth, something that my Chromecast Audio couldn't do!


  Already having an Alexa, this was bought as a gift - to replace my son's lost one, which he misses.  Music, radio stations, some spoken word, questions galore, such a great item to have nearby while you are working.  Small and compact, this is well slotted into any nearby space while you're working.I did think it could be stumped by my asking what time a programme began later that day, due to be shown on a freeview channel - yes, Alexa got it right, straight away.Don't hesitate, go ahead and buy one.  Yes it does need setting up, but as a one-time philistine, I'm fully converted to this intelligent accessory.  It's certainly not appropriate to call it a gadget - it's so much more.


  I got the Echo a few weeks ago, but today got this Echo Dot for my bedroom, the Echo being downstairs. As the functionality is the same on this Dot as compared to the Echo, this review is basically a carbon copy of my Echo review, as I feel it’s relevant.With over 21,000 reviews here on this product already, there is probably not much more I can say that has not been said already, but for those interested I will give a brief review of my findings.I ordered the Echo on Saturday, with an estimated delivery date of today (Monday). It actually arrived yesterday, 1 day sooner than expected – awesome service Amazon, thank you!It looks vary sleek and, I guess depending on what colour you order, blends in with the surroundings aesthetically. It comes as a single unit with no assembly required other than attaching the plug to it, which it does by what I believe is called a “barrel” plug – a simple male/female connection into the back of the Echo.Set up is extremely easy: Go to the Apple app store (or Android store if applicable for you) and download the Alexa App. I’d also recommend downloading the Amazon Music Unlimited app. Plug in your Echo, wait for the pretty blue/cyan light show to complete, which takes just a few moments, and then do as Alexa says (download and launch the aforementioned app). Log into the app with your Amazon account and simply follow the instructions. In no time at all your Echo will be connected to your WiFi and you’re ready to go.When you place your Echo order you will get an email offering you a 90 day free trial of Amazon Music Unlimited. The 90 day trial is only applicable if you choose the pay monthly plan. If, like me, you chose the annual plan (which is, over the course of a year, cheaper than playing monthly) you’ll only get 30 days free. The plan starts at £3.99 per month for a single device to an individual person. This means that if you have more than one Alexa device you can only stream music from the Unlimited service to one specified device. If you choose the £7.99 per month (£79 per year), then you can stream your Unlimited music to multiple devices. There is also a Family plan. Oh, and please note, these prices are for Amazon Prime customers. If you don’t have Prime then it will cost you slightly more (£9.99 per month rather than £7.99, for example). I would recommend the Music Unlimited subscription as you’ll get access to a streaming database of over 50 million songs. If you choose not to subscribe the Music Unlimited, you get access to a database of 2 million songs. Subscribing means I probably don’t have to albums any more. You can, however, connect your Echo to your Spotify account and stream music that way.There is so much you can do with Alexa that you’ll sit there once she’s set up and wonder, “Errrr, so, what can I get her to do?” There are websites that give you details of all she can do. With your device you’ll get a few printed examples of what she is capable of.I have a HIVE home hub and I was able to connect it to Alexa vary easily, and I can control my lights, plugs and heating simply by talking to Alexa. For example: “Alexa, turn my heating on to 20 degrees”. “Alexa, dim my bedroom light.” “Alexa, turn my hallway light to green.” Of course, you can only do this if you have smart plugs, lights etc. No more have to reach over and pick up my mobile phone to do this. Oh the effort!I can ask Alexa to add things to my shopping list. This shopping list will be recorded on your Amazon app. You can set up reminders also, which I find happy. “Alexa, remind me to check my cooking in 20 minutes.”Another really neat thing I like is being able to said voice (and text messages), or even have a voice chat with a friend who has an Alexa device, no matter where in the world they are. I sent a voice message to a friend, and a little while later I got one back from him. Alexa announces you have a message and you can say “Alex, what is the message?” And she will play the voice message. Your app will also convert it to text and display it as a text message on your phone/tablet.There is a lot she can do but some commands will need an extra “skill” downloaded via the Amazon app. Again this is easy. For example I have done loaded 4 skills so far:1. Hive Home Hub2. BBC – allows me to listen to many BBC radio stations simply by asking, “Alexa, play Radio 4”.3. XBox – allows me to control my Xbox by voice (turn on/off, launch games) – however I did find it wasn’t that great.4. Sony Android TV – allows me to turn on/off my TV and control the volume all by voice. I couldn’t get it to change the channel though.You can also set up “routines.” For example, when it’s time for bed I can say something like, “Goodnight Alexa.” She will then run through a series of tasks that I have set up, such as turn off downstairs lights, turn on bedroom light, turn off power to TV/games consoles, turn on security light (all via the Hive skill). When I am in bed and it’s time to sleep I can say “Alexa, sleep time” and she will turn off my bedroom light too.I am sure there is so much more she can do, but I am really enjoying this device and am glad I purchased itThe sound on this Dot is great for its size. My larger Echo has an even greater sound capability, but it’s remarkable how good the sound is on this smaller Dot.


  The echo dot really is a mini marvel.Sound quality is amazing for the size. Don’t expect stomach rumbling bass. That’s impossible from such a small speaker, but for its size, the frequency response is great. It definitely benefits from you going into the Alexa app and EQ’ing the sound to your personal preference. Connection is as simple as all echo’s, just follow the instructions.I now have 2 full size Echoes and 2 Dot’s. I wouldn’t be without them. I have them controlling my lights, my TV and many other appliances. Having Amazon Prime is not a must but definitely worth it. Certainly gives me a sufficient music choice and the TV is fantastic. Some of the greatest series being made today are by Amazon.The Dot is a great piece of tech. Be aware of its limitations due to its size, but, overall,  it’s a little wonder.I hope you found this review helpful.


  My son bought me this after he had bought the bigger one for himself and I loved messing about with it so much. It is great fun just randomly asking questions as well as so easily getting answers to things you would normally have to take time looking up! The sound quality is amazing for such a little gadget and I am loving being able to pick out artists and albums that I had on tape cassette in my teens and listen to things I had long forgotten about.Amazing thing for such a low price that can do as much as it can and I am still only touching the surface of learning what Alexa can do!Just buy one for the hell of it, I assure you you won't regret the small spend!! 10* from me!!


  Ive been living under rock . How did i not buy this sooner.. having a mix age children teenagers and younger ones its a blessing that im not constantly keeping them occupied, from musical statue to memory games and bed time stories, remiders etc etc.. i could go on... i like my daily trivia questions and also staying ontop of my children chores without me lifting a finger.Ive been at work and ive use a announce to speak to my household  through Alexa.. its so handy...Right now the extra good bits.. i genuinely  thought i had to buy the bigger taller alexa first. I was worried  the sound  quality wont be that great compared to my mates But im happy. This little thing kicks base i dont even turn on my stereo no more..Thank you Alexa!!


  No, I wrote it myself. Honest. Got this as a Christmas gift, so might not be a verified purchase.We're still at the "Alexa, do fart noises" stage, so it's early days yet. We've added some skills and they mostly seem to work, and we've got some smart light bulbs on order, so we can't wait to see how they work.Though we have hifi, we use Alexa to listen to the radio now, the sound is that good; it's quite remarkable from such a small device.You need to download the app to set it up, but after that you can manage without it on your phone. However, the app does make things easier, and I've kept it. For example, I can add things to my shopping list on the echo dot, and when I'm at the shop it's all there on my phone, as it all stays synchronised. Cool!All in all, I think we and Alexa are going to get along. Very impressed so far.


  I like that you can get Alexa to remind you to do things,  like take meds,  get up at a certain time,  put the bin out on a certain day.  If you are on a tight schedule you can ask Alexa the time.  I like getting Alexa to play chill out pop and yoga music.  You can set multiple alarms,  ask Alexa what the weather is going to be.  Set alexa to wake you up and tell you what the weather will be.  Get Alexa to read you the news.  Ask Alexa questions.  she has a friendly voice,  is super helpful and doesn't get vexed if you ask her what the time is 20 times in 10 minutes.  Sometimes I get Alexa to remind me to be mindful and to do yoga, for me it enriches my life and  It makes my life simpler


  I ALREADY OWN THE ORIGINAL AMAZON ECHO & THE AMAZON ECHO 2ND GENERATION WHICH ARE IN MY LIVING ROOM & BEDROOM RESPECTIVELY.  ALTHOUGH I CAN HEAR THE AMAZON ECHO WHEN I AM IN MY GARDEN SURROUNDED BY BORDERS DEDICATED TO MY FAMILY INCLUDING MY FAITHFUL YORKSHIRE TERRIER WHO HAVE PASSED ON, I WANTED SOMETHING TO GO IN MY UTILITY ROOM WHICH IS CLOSER TO THE BACK GARDEN SO THAT I DIDN’T HAVE TO CRANK UP THE VOLUME SO MUCH ON THE AMAZON ECHO. THE AMAZON ECHO DOT REALLY FITS THE BILL PERFECTLY. WITH NO CUTTING CORNERS ON SOUND QUALITY OR MICROPHONE PICK-UP THE ECHO DOT IS AN EXCELLENT BIT OF TECH WHICH BLENDS IN UNOBTRUSIVELY VIRTUALLY ANYWHERE. THERE IS NO CUTTING BACK ON ITS CAPABILITIES EITHER. YOU CAN STILL CONTROL YOUR LIGHTS, PLUGS, HEATING AND OTHER COMPATIBLE DEVICES, OF WHICH THERE ARE A GREAT MANY ( EXCELLENT IF YOU, LIKE ME HAVE TO USE WALKING STICKS OR CRUTCHES WHEN THE OSTEOARTHRITIS PLAYS UP BADLY ). I WOULD  - WITHOUT HESITATION - RECOMMEND THE AMAZON ECHO DOT TO ANYONE. ALWAYS SAY GOOD MORNING TO ALEXA. HE/SHE IS A MINE OF INFORMATION.


  Yesterday whilst opening my birthday presents I got the surprise of my life when I found that my friend had bought me the Echo Dot Third Gen.  I have read many reviews from people who say the sound is much better than the second gen and especially that you don't need a Bluetooth speaker to listen to your music so I was looking forward to it being set up.  Once setup was complete I got Alexa to play Jim Reeves music and, whilst it was playing I adjusted the equaliser by voice command and have now got it playing the way I want to hear it.  The sound is so much better that if I'm in the en suite, with the volume at 6I can even hear speech based radio or even an audio book playing and I could certainly hear Alexa reading my kindle book whilst I was in there this morning, even though it was standing in my office.  With the second gen I had to tell Alexa to connect my Bluetooth speaker then take it into the en suite.  Sport sounds so much better from 5 Live on Radio Player and, like other reviewers, I'd certainly agree that for a living room the Echo Second Gen would be a better option, yet it's adequate for my office.  My Echo Dot second gen now sits at my bedside and I no longer have to move it to and from my office.  At present, because they're rather close together, I haven't set the multi-room facility, but usually go to Now Playing on the app and change the player I want to use by going into the combo box on the app, arrowing to the one I want to use, then press tab which selects it.  I'll probably start using multi-room when Mum's no longer with us and I'll probably be spreading out a little more.  Still, now I've got music and speech wherever I go in my area and a Bluetooth speaker sees me into the kitchen and part of the living room without any drop-outs.So you're thinking about upgrading to a third gen?  Don't think about it, just do it and, rather than get rid of your second gen, move it to somewhere like the kitchen or your bedroom.  It's great at your bedside and the perfect alarm clock whenever you need it.


  I bought this to replace my gen 2, I have this on my bedside table, I was having issues with my current one as a lot of the times it could not hear my voice commands or get it wrong down to the 1 mic I think, also so I sleep well I have it playing thunderstorms all night, and ive noticed when alexa speakers her voice is not as clear so I think the speaker part could be on its way out...it is still fully usable but I had enough of repeating commandsso I bought this as it was £22 and I had a £5 voucher so I got it for £17...BARGAINway better having more mics and sound a lot better tooI shall be using my old gen 2 in my car though still for journeys or just driving to down I had been using it in my car I just connect it too the power socket and then use the aux cable so it plays through my cars speaker system...works a treatjust connect it to a wifi hotspot in the mobile as I have 30gb a month and I only use maybe 3-4gb, and it is surprising how little data it actually uses too


  I'm quite happy with the dot, it cost £24.99 and was well worth the money.The sound quality is great, I use the dot daily for music and reminders (and of course other things).You do have to be careful as to where you place the dot, if you have for example a fan running near it, it doesn't always hear you so you have to raise your voice a tad, but it's not big deal, the other problem I've found is that sometimes the dot will mishear you and will turn for example the music off when you've told it to turn it up, also the music will randomly stop playing sometimes but I don't know if this is more of a Amazon music problem as I've noticed it does it on my tablets when I've listen to it through one of them.All in all, this was a good purchase, it can do many things, the reminders are pretty useful if you are like me and forget everything, you can also link it to your Morrisons shopping and even ask it about your Amazon orders. You can entertain your kids with it.


  This is my first encounter with an echo product. I recently purchased a Fire Hd tablet and used alexa and loved it, which prompted me into getting a Echo Dot 3rd Gen.  I got it in the flash sale for £22 and, it arrived promptly yesterday.  I really really like it. I love the fact that you can actually voice call people when you have linked it to your phone via Alexa app and as a nurse, I think this product could be fantastic for elderly people who, if have fallen and cant get up could easily shout " Alexa, call ? " .... and they'd be able to get help.Also I love that people in my family can add to a shopping list that's then sent to my phone just by saying " Alexa, add beans? To my shopping list " .... no more paper and pen and forgotten shopping lists.The sound quality packs a punch for a little speaker ( please dont think your gonna get Dolby surround sound for £22 .... ) but for a little speaker, it's great! And I can quite easily hear the music from the lounge when I'm upstairs and my house isn't small.Would I buy again?? ...... yes, I want one for the bedroom now .


  I wanted something which would play music, without me having to sort through my CDs (I have never got into streaming). However, I was reluctant to get a system like this having in mind 'Big Brother is watching you'. Obviously, I also got Amazon Music. The Echo Dot being so small, I really could not see how this would work or produce a good sound.Set up with the app was amazingly simple. To test (expecting failure) I asked for an obscure Breton folk singer - which Alexa and Amazon immediately provided! The sound quality is good enough for me, but probably not for an afficionado and where I have the Echo Dot, I can easily hear music in the garden, with the French windows open. All round win, and am awaiting the next price reduction to buy another Echo Dot for the bedroom - again I think that judicious placing will mean I can hear music throughout upstairs. So fantastic for music but I am not going to get into all the other offerings Alexa has.The Black Friday offer meant I bought a second Alexa for the bedroom. So now I have music throughout the house just by asking Alexa.


  Stayed away from these because, well you know, always listening... the government have ears in your bedroom etc, but then thought ‘the useless b*st*rds can’t even get them to pay tax, never mind collaborate on a mass domestic eavesdropping system’.But just to be on the safe side, bought them for the kids. Not having Amazon knowing my dirty kinky sex secrets. Let’s just forget that most of the stuff I buy around that is bought on Amazon and we’ll be happy!One of the best features on these is if you have another one, say downstairs, you can ‘drop-in’ on their Echo. You know how when you shout upstairs kids ‘conveniently’ don’t hear you. Fear no more. Intercom straight into their room. And if they don’t answer... ‘Alexa, turn off the internet’ (doesn’t actually work, but would be a cool ‘skill’).Anyhoo, you can program routines which are better than alarms in some ways. Like you can set up on one routine for the Echo to shout (volume 6 is usually enough) ‘Tilly! Gitch yo’ ass up!’ at the time her alarm normally goes off, drop the volume to 4, then have Alexa play a music channel for a bit, then as a snooze ‘wait 10 minutes’ then shout again ‘go get your breakfast!’.Mind, if said child has been a bit of a... erm... ‘handful’ the night before, you can log in unbeknownst to them and change the alarm time to earlier, or the music channel to repeatedly play ‘The Birdie Song’ or some other annoyance.I wonder if Alexa can make convincing ghost noises...Very easy to set up using the Alexa app. Easy to link Spotify to it and the sound quality is surprisingly good for such a small unit.I’d like to see with Alexa the ability to start skills as part of a routine (if it can I don’t know how to do it).One handy thing you can do is set up responses to set prompts. There’s the standard ‘Alexa, flatter me’ where she says some random nice thing to you, but you can reprogram her to reply stuff like ‘you’ve a cracking personality which is just as well considering the face...’ and other gems to keep romance alive. Alternatively you can get Alexa to tell people the WiFi password or other useful stuff.I’d definitely recommend one.


  Received this as a Christmas gift from my daughter and despite being puzzled and thinking ‘what would I use this for’ I can honestly say I now have a new housemate LOL! I thought you asked the weather, time and played music, however I discover new things every day.  I’ve asked my horoscope (just for a laugh), play the daily question as well as tried out other games (you can even play games with the family using the speaker itself), get reminders and daily affirmations, set alarms, listen to sleep meditation, the list goes on. Best present I ever received!  The speaker is a chunky little thing and good quality too. What I’ve used it for so far is probably very basic to some of you but I’m sure I’ll become a pro user in time as I check out tech news for what Alexa can do. I need to gift my daughter one now so I can ‘drop-in’ for a chat!


  Was always a bit skeptical of these Alexa gadgets but after I got a fabulous deal through a cashback site, I thought I would surprise my husband with it.We mainly use it at the moment for music but I've also set reminders and now we're integrating it with a couple of Alexa compatible smart plugs. It also sends out a signal (a yellow ring around the top of the device when we have orders on their way from Amazon).We've recently discovered Alexa can do quizzes, just in time for a gathering of people at our house!The sound quality from this very small speaker is amazing, voice recognition very good and the unobtrusive size of it (similar to an ice-hockey puck) is perfect. It sits atop of our wine cooler in the kitchen/diner and blends in very well.Highly recommended, even my mum likes it because it will play individual classical music pieces on request.


  What a brilliant piece the echo dot is. This box is number one in my house. Any questions you have she will answer and there are games galore and also music you can listen too while you tidy up. All you need to do is ask Alexa. News, weather, tv listings, jokes and many more talents which keep growing every day. Plus she can control the lights too (Philip hue bulbs sold separately or with the echo dot) and other items in the home with a bridge setup (sold separately also)  its well worth buying. I’m disabled so moving around can be a big problem for me but at night when the light goes from outside all I need to say Is “Alexa, turn on the light” and the light comes on. Easy as that. Plus you can dim the light too. Top product. Happy customer. Thanks amazon.


  I always said I wouldn't have one of these but, my friend bought me one for Christmas. I set it up a bit dubious about what I could do with it as I din't have a "Smart" home. I played with it a bit asking questions and setting alarms etc. Some questions she couldn't answer at first but I soon found the more you do with her the more she can do. My 30 month old Grandson loves asking her to play music and animal sounds so for that alone she is worth her wright in gold. I also linked my phone & Amazon account which has made shopping for things easier and knowing when you have notifications without constantly having to check your email etc. The sound is amazing for such a little device & you can either turn it up or down via the buttons on top or asking her to turn up the volume. So in summary not only is she fun but helpful too.


  I was against the idea of Alexa, the ubiquitous device that’s sits there, listening and reporting to our Amazon overlords but my family were keen and mob rules in my household.For such a tiny device it outputs a good sense of volume and the voice recognition is really good.  Being able to request albums or songs on the fly, or just saying “play some blues” and Alexa will start a playlist is a revelation.And then there’s the hidden gems.  My kids often request Alexa to fart or burp or rap or ask it random questions.  My personal favourite is whisper mode.So, is the lack of perceived privacy and virtual spy in the room worth the trade off?  Yes, in a word.  It would be hard to go back to dinner times where the kids aren’t shouting over each other to get Alexa to play their favourite songs and having to converse with them.Thank you Amazon and Alexa for the excuse of avoiding banal conversation and providing playlists of songs I never knew I needed to listen to.  This is the future and welcome my virtual assistant master with open arms.Alexa, submit my review.


  This Echo Dot 3rd Generation is an ideal way of trialling Alexa's functionality and seeing whether you want to invest further in Echo Show or bigger speakers and other accessories. The unit is compact, well made and easy to install via the Alexa app plus you can customise it with the skills you want. As an early adopter of the Echo, I can say the voice recognition and understanding plus responses and overall reliability have improved hugely since the early days. What I also like is that so many products from 3rd party manufacturers are Alexa compatible.The sound quality is good and a considerable improvement on previous generations plus I  like the illuminated bezel which indicates various states including a green pulse when an Amazon delivery is due. The controls are also logical and you can turn the microphone off if you wish. This is a product it's hard not to like.


  I have a few echo devices. My dot lived in the kitchen and was just used to check the weather, traffic and to answer some questions. But increasingly, the kids were using it to play music and to be honest, it sounded pretty rubbish. So I upgraded to version 3 and wow, what a difference!The volume is lot louder. Easily twice as loud and in a room like a decent sized kitchen-diner, it fills the room. More importantly, sound quality is much much better. It isn't at all tinny like the last one. It has much more bass to it and at loud volumes (loud enough to annoy next door) it doesn't distort. It is like a premium bluetooth speaker. It really is well designed.It even looks better! I didn't think I would like the fabric cover, but it does actually look better in the flesh.So if you have a first generation dot, is it worth the upgrade? Well that depends on if you have a use for your old one or could sell it or give it to someone. If so, then absolutely YES it is worth the upgrade. But if you just use it for weather reports and other voice responses and never play music, you should probably stick with what you have.Hope that helps.


  I have used both second and third generation echo dot. And third generation is so much better - in terms of functionality there is no difference but the look amd feel and sound quality is so much better. I dont feel the need to connect it to a different speaker anymore.We use it mainly to control Phillips hue smart lights, sonoff smart switches (to control various devices), to put alarms, reminder and timers.I also like the feature of announcements, when my wife doesn’t pick up the phone(or is on silent) I ak able to make an announcement to all rooms to ask her to call me back.We also use it at bedtime to play audio books to help us sleep :)


  I used to buy a few compilation CDs a year, but it was working out just as expensive as signing up for a Spotify Premium account, which I eventually did at the end of last year. Instead of having to use my tablet or phone to play songs on, I started looking for a high quality speaker that I could connect Spotify to instead.On various reviews I was hearing that the Amazon Echo Dot 3rd Gen was tiny but packed a punch with its speaker. This appealed to me because I needed a speaker in my workshop where I wouldn't want to touch it with dye stained hands  so a voice controlled speaker was even better!After Christmas we saw that the Echo Dots were on special offer at half price, so my parents and I had a speaker each.It's definitely surpassed our expectations, the music quality is outstanding (if you place your hand on the surface where the Dot is, you can feel the bass pounding even without turning the bass equaliser up) - the volume capability is amazing too, I've only had it up to halfway so far.Spotify is connected within your Alexa app, and you can connect different Spotify's on each Dot, perfect if you each have your own Premium accounts and want your own Discover Weekly etc on your speaker.The plethora of skills available means that you can personalise your Dot to your own routines and preferences. I use it to read things/play songs to me from my often-used websites, and the drop-in to other Alexas is great too (like announcing dinner is ready without having to shout all over the house!)Overall I would highly recommend the Echo Dot if you're looking for an intelligent digital assistant and/or powerful speaker for your streaming music!


  The echo is fantastic, sound quality is brilliant, it is unobtrusive but incredibly useful.  Take my advice and buy several for your home.  My only wish is that I had bought of them during the sale so I could link my entire home up rather than several rooms.  Nowhere else will you find such an intuitive and decent quality resource with a good speaker capacity.  Buy several, do it now.However, voice recognition can be a little off and on.  I personally put this down to the training the little demons within the machines are currently being given.  Now I know that this is true and I WILL NOT BE SILENCED.  Echo dots are nothing but magic boxes with tiny little magic imp demons inside.  Despite the denial, I know they escape at night through a secret door and steal cheese from my fridge.  I don't know how they are doing it, but I will CATCH YOU, and then we will have a long and serious talk about the FINER POINTS OF THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE.A further warning for you future buyers, it is my firm belief that the little demons conference together at night because I know that mine are currently plotting something.  I keep setting alarms to catch them at it in the middle of the night but so far I have been unsuccessful.  Soon my little fiendish friends, soon I will discover why you inist of answering me from the wrong Alexa, why you obstenantly refuse to say my name properly, AND WHY YOU ARE EATING MY CHEESES!Also, the colour of the sandstone fabric is lovely, definitively worth getting over the black.


  My first echo device, mainly used for music and radio in the kitchen. The set up of the device is straight forward and only takes a few mins which involves downloading the alexa app onto your phone and configure the device to connect to the internet within the app. I found the sound quality to be relatively good considering its size. The speech recognition is also accurate most of the time. The microphone can be physically turned off on the speaker if you have privacy concerns.Solid speaker with quality sound. Recommened.


  The sound quality is actually very good for the size and playing music to volume 5 in a 4m x 4m room it sounds pretty good. There is a decent bass response which is a lot better than in other devices similar to this or the previous generation. However, it is not a replacement for a bigger stereo system.As a stand-alone device it is very good to stream music for casual listening and setting reminders is also very useful. Obviously the system comes into its own when you link with other devices and services to be able to automate processes. The quality of this depends on the devices and how well you set them up.Lastly, this actually makes a very good speaker phone too for use on a desktop within 1.5m away speaking at a normal level. Voice commands can be heard from the next room if you slightly raise your voice.


  I really do love the Echo Dot and Alexa. She makes for a great little assistant. However, she's not on par when it comes to Google's Home Hub or Google Home Mini search capabilities. I'm not entirely to bothered about that right now but if it becomes a glaring issue in the future, I'll invest in Google's tech.I use Alexa with compatible devices such as Phillips Hue and Amazon Smart Plugs. Both systems work brilliantly connected to the Echo. I've also discovered Alexa's reading capabilities. I cancelled my Audible subscription thanks to Alexa and have her read books I've purchased to my Kindle library. I do admit, I am VERY disappointed Alexa can't pre-order Kindle books and I hope she'll eventually be able to do this in the future. Currently, it's only physical Amazon purchases Alexa can make. It took me a little while to sync my work and personal calendars to Alexa, but now I have no problems with asking her about upcoming events and having her let me know my next shift at work, appointment or birthday is. She's a great little gadget.As of yesterday (13/06/19) Alexa is now able to make calls to mobiles/landlines so Amazon seems to always be working to improve what Alexa can do.You honestly won't be disappointed if you invest.


  This is my second Alexa device.  After testing one and finding it quite useful I decided that one for the kitchen was needed so I decided to try an Alexa Dot.  Out of the box, everything was well packed and good to go.  Plug in, connect with my Alexa app and it was on my network.Voice recognition is quite good and it is fairly useful - for me reading audible books and providing quick adhoc timers as well as turning lights on and off.  Its nice to be able to say Alexa pause when it is reading and then Alexa resume in another room to continue where it left off.  As a home worker that is fairly useful as I work but also get up to do things through the day.In all, this is recommended, it works well and if you want to try Alexa a good price to get started or to expand the units in your home.


  I brought this echo dot 3rd generation to replace my old dot I had for the last 2 years,I thought is was amazing.When The first one I ordered  got broken I panicked.Alexa can remind you to take your tablets, remind you of appointments and many other things.You can ask her questions and even play games, stream musicInfact it really great to stored things that are important to you and we all no if things are in order we are more focused.I ordered my 2nd Amazon dot last week and it got lost in the post.Costumers service were marvelous and issued a replacement straight away.I've found my new echo dot 3rd generation is:1.MORE ATTRACTIVE2. THE SOUND IS LOADS BETTER3.IT DOES SO MUCH MORE...ALL IN ALL I CAN'T FAULT THE AMAZING MACHINE AND A SNIP AT THE PRICE!!!


  Loving it. The Echo Dot is so simple to set up. I already had a Fire TV Stick & had opted into Amazon storing my log in & wifi details, so I literally only had to unbox the Dot, plug in & away I went. It took 2 minutes to setup the voice recognition & I was away listening to music. The speaker is crisp & clear, the volume is great. Amazon have really done a great job with this speaker it does everything I want & more. Very happy & look forward to using it for a long time.


  I bought mine as a replacement for my 1st Generation model as it had stopped working when I changed my network provider and had a new hub. The hub wouldn't accept that my old WiFi password was sufficiently secure so I used a randomly generated 20 digit password which worked on everything except the old Echo Dot. It was only after I purchased the 3rd Generation Echo Dot that I discovered that the old one could only accept a 16 digit password, which was why it had stopped working. When I contacted Amazon, they seemed surprised that I had had this problem and said they would forward up a suggestion that further guidance might be incorporated into the app. I do hope that is acted upon.


  I have the original version of the echo dot and decided to get another as I have problems with my memory and need constant reminders for taking medication, appointments etc so I felt I needed one for downstairs and for my bedroom. I am really pleased with this 3rd gen echo as the sound quality is fantastic and was really easy to set up . I brought it on offer for £24.99 so for me it was a fantastic price to remind me of everything I forget constantly and we have also added amazon music again so my grandchildren can listen to so music when they visit. . The delivery was really fast and packaging was good without too much excess waste to dispose of and I was happy to see there was no polystyrene or plastic in the packaging this time, it was all paper so well done amazon.I would definitely recommend especially if you need lots of reminders during the day, you can literally tell it to remind you something in 15 mins and it will ! And you dont need to pay a subscription to use it for most of the services .


  Absolutely love the Echo Dot. Initially bought it to replace a standard radio in the kitchen which I thought was defunct, however after actually reading the instructions, managed to fix it.As a result, Alexa now lives in our sitting room, she's even been on holiday with us! No longer need to search for a CD, just ask Alexa to play whatever we want, learning something new she can do, almost daily!Have only given a 4 for voice recognition, as she didn't quite understand my Scottish accent when asking for RADIO TAY FM, kept in giving me RADIO TEE or RADIO TWO . However, overcame the problem by saying ALEXA PLAY ONE OH TWO POINT EIGHT EFF EMM . . .she got there!! . Great just asking for music/radio/question and even the odd joke. Three year old grandson can use it too, though sometimes poor Alexa struggles with his babyish speech/Scottish accent, but she eventually gets it!She may be small, but certainly works as well as the larger version, which a friend has. Sound quality great, only other difference is the price!How I wish that Alexa had been around when my parents were alive, they would have loved just being able to ask for whatever they wanted to listen to rather than searching for it.


  I’ve had the Alexa 1st edition echo Dot device for a long time now and as it was ok, not a brilliant sound speaker for music it was just about playable.  I decided to get a 3rd edition Alexa echo Dot during the Black Friday deals.Set up was the same as the 1st edition and is quite simple to do.  The sound system is louder and a far greater sound for music by a mile on the 3rd edition. I’ve since purchased another one so now only got to get two more to update, all are done..It’s just a pity Amazon don’t do a trade in or scrapeage scheme so customers who have the older outdated Alexa products can all update to the latest Alexa products as Amazon upgrades there products.Amazon have a lot of loyal  customers out there who use Amazon as the first place to look for any kind of goods...


  Firstly, the Amazon Echo products are truly revolutionary and in ten years time they, and the host of imitation products, will have changed the way that people interact with their technology.Voice recognition on the devices is just on the edge of being consumer ready. No where near 100% accuracy for free speech, you have to stick to certain syntax and grammar, but perfectly sufficient to be useful.If you haven’t tried it yet, put one in the kitchen and use it as a timer, “Alexa, set a timer for 6 minutes”, which you can do with your hands otherwise full.Secondly try putting a second one in a child’s room and use it as an intercom, “Alexa, tell everyone dinner is ready” or “Alexa, drop in on Emma’s echo”.Finally if you are into your gadgets get it to control your music system, “Alexa skip in the kitchen”, “Alexa set the temperature in the hallway to 20 degrees”.Truly fantastic product and at discounted prices several times a year, what’s not to like.


  I bought my first echo dot last year - the sound quality out of it was really great.  I mainly use it to listen to my audible books on or listen to the radio, but occasionally I will ask Alexa something.I bought another one for my mum for Christmas.  Then, after moving the dot to my kitchen so I could listen to a book while working, I bought another one for the living room, well actually, bedroom because I ordered an Echo last week for the living room.All 3 (2 dots and 1 echo) are synced so that when I'm listening to a book, I can move from room to room without having to pause the book until I return to that room.Maybe one day I will explore more of what Alexa can do, but I'm happy listening away to audio books


  received this echo dot as a present at Christmas and although it is not something I personally would had asked for or felt I needed I do really enjoy it. It is very convenient and eay to use, I use it in my bedroom great for alarms, reminders, random music, knowing the weather before stepping outside (yes most of which I can do with my phone) but with the echo it is really effort less.I have not marked for Alexa integration as I'm unaware of what they mean I have not integrated it with anything else and currently using it as a stand alone item which is functional and useful Alexa was on the echo when installed I assumed they were the same thing and if not they certainly seem like they are and work in uniform with each other.


  I just love my Amazon Echo Dot which was given to me as a birthday present by my Partner.It's just fantastic - it plays all sorts of music (as I am a Prime member and also updated to the larger music library which is worth it in my opinion!), it tells you the weather in your area, tells you jokes, gives you the news etc!We have great fun with it but also use it for useful tasks too i.e. setting an alarm for when we need to do something or timing the vegetables cooking etc. We've also asked it what a word meant and she looked it up on Wikipedia and reported back!We've learned to try to keep our requests short and to the point and Alexa works superbly and can differentiate when she is talking to me and when it is my Partner.I have also worked out that if you are listening to music but want to turn on the TV to watch the news, if you ask her to 'pause' rather than 'stop' she will recommence the song you were listening to when you get back to her.The sound quality is perfect too - not got her to turn up to full volume but the volume I have got her is far loud enough and I know there is much more capacity as when I'm listening to her in the same room I only have her on 50% volume - a bit more when I listening from the kitchen but still not up to full volume.Only had 'her' just under three weeks but she is becoming part of the family ;-)


  We got the 3rd gen Echo Dot as part of an introductory deal with Hive when we had a new boiler installed.  It isn't something we would have thought of buying otherwise, and for as long as our aging legs still work it won't be essential to our lives, but so far we're very glad that we took up the offer.I was happy setting it up with the app, but I haven't explored much yet. One of the first things I did was to delve into menus to disable voice-purchasing.Sound quality was a nice surprise - rounded, and not tinny at all. I'm not trying to compare it with an expensive audio system but we think it's great for listening to the radio, and the Alexa voice is pleasant.Voice recognition has been very accurate so far.There's a selection of radio stations available free of charge, and we're happy with the choices. Requests for specific pieces of music, as far as I'm aware, would need a subscription service of one sort or another.The Hive control works very well - for us,  it's probably worth having for that alone, as for the features we use regularly it's much quicker than using the Hive thermostat or app.It's very easy to set alarms and personalised reminders.Weather and news summaries are quick to obtain, and we've used it successfully for a few random information requests, but it's not going to replace our phone or PC search engines yet.So, it's not a life-changer for us at the moment, but we are definitely finding it useful, and not just a gimmick.


  I bought this to integrate with my Echo Plus, so that I can have a unit on each floor. It was really easy to set up and pair with the main unit, I followed the onscreen/ voice instructions and it took about 5 minutes. I’ve tested the basic commands and it switches lights and plugs on and off etc wherever they’re situated. I’ve sited the Dot in the hall, so that the TV didn’t drown my voice out or make Alexa wake when not needed, but I’m having a bit of a re-think as she doesn’t always wake first time so I need to shout. Will probably put it in the kitchen and see how that goes. It is able to turn on all smart appliances and plays my Amazon Music (I saw a review that said that you needed a different subscription for more than one device, I have Prime and the free music plays fine on both devices). Am pleased I bought this as an add-on to my system, the price was reasonable. However, you need to be aware that you can only use this to operate appliances if you already have a smart hub (in Amazon appliances that’s an Echo Plus or Show).


  Really impressed with this - so far, at least! And long may it last, as I have spotted some reviews say it can go wrong. I managed to integrate it with my Sonos system and ceiling speakers quickly and without the  difficulty I anticipated  - a pleasant change from the norm!Apart from BBC now not allowing Alexa to play BBC radio via Sonos (is that an Amazon or BBC issue?)  I’m very happy indeed with it. Decent sound for such a small unit when just used without Sonos.So clever, I should have got one ages ago, and I’ve just ordered another. Daughter isn’t keen as she is convinced it’s listening in to us. I don’t know about that...but for the convenience of being able to just say “play LBC” or whatever, compared to having to find a phone and log into an app, I reckon until it’s proved otherwise it’s worth that risk!


  It's amazing what Alexa can do and initially mind boggling. I am taking a gradual implementation of her into our household. So far she is great to tell me where my stuff is; put on some music wanted on the spur of a moment; answer my weather questions; provide a wealth of knowledge on any subject; share a joke etc. My latest use of her is I have connected her to my security cameras and door bell. She will notify me of any motion reports and when the door bell is rung by using her own chime and voice. There are loads of other things and next might be to give her access to my diary. I am enjoying discovering what she is capable of doing.


  Came late to this after realising I was the only person in the office without one.  Now I'm in the club, I'm very pleased indeed.  I bought two, each with different bundles on Black Friday, but I kind of think one Dot and something with more powerful speakers like the Echo Plus would have been an even better buy.  I now ask it to play music or radio stations from around the world, and whilst the sound seems good to me, I'm aware that the Echo Plus would be so much better.  Having two or more also means you have an intercom in the house, so my wife can call from the bedroom to me downstairs to order a nice cup of tea.To get the most from this, you need to buy smart plugs and bulbs, then you can set up routines where more than one action can be linked together.  For example, when I say "Alexa, switch on the television", three plugs around the room switch on the otherwise awkward to reach tv, sound system, playstation, Fire stick (on one extension lead), the subwoofer and also switches off the annoying table lamp that always reflected on the screen.Add to that kind of thing the ability to ask questions about all sorts of things and being able to link to countless other smart home devices, this can only get better.  Having said that, this all costs money, so expect to spend at least £200 without even trying.


  It’s only arrived today but I like it already and I’ve barely scratched the surface of what it can do! I’ve used my parents Google Home devices and decided to get the Alexa as there were a few features I didn’t like about the Google, and I’m pleased with my decision.I’ve had my Amazon account since 2005 and have always bought my music through Amazon, so I really love that I’m able to play my whole music library through Alexa without paying for an additional streaming service, it feels like I’m being rewarded for being a long term customer. Similarly I have many ebooks bought for my Kindle, and even though they’re not audio books Alexa will still read them to me right from where I’ve left off on my Kindle!I’ve had no issues with Alexa not understanding me, and although it’s such a small device it’s quite loud and the sound quality is really nice for music. For the price I don’t see how this can be beaten!Also, as a perhaps silly little thing, but I like that I get its attention by saying “Alexa” rather than “hey Google” - it makes it feel more personal and natural, and less like I’m chatting to myself.


  I have the echo 2nd gen & had it sitting in a drawer for ages because I just couldn't get it to work for me. Whether it be the voice recognition being hit or miss, or the fact that Alexa would randomly stop mid song and listen when nobody had shouted ‍♀️Took a shot in the dark with this newer one, as it was only £1 in the black Friday prime deals ‍♀️ and I must say it's the best impulse buy I've ever made! The sound is fantastic, the look and feel has been greatly improved (I've put pictures of both versions so you can see size difference) and overall quality of the product. The added weight gives it a better feel as It doesn't move when the wire is nudged (toddlers )If you are thinking about it, get it! The sound travels easily through my two floor home, so if you need it for baby sleep, party music or just cleaning music then go for it!


  I am absolutely delighted with my Amazon Echo Dot.I have considered purchasing one for some time, I am really sorry that I have not purchased one before. It's great can ask Alexa so many things eg. weather tell you a joke latest news ect ect.I have signed up to Amazon music the subscription one,there is a free version but not as comprehensive as the subscription one. I have asked Alexa for so many different songs from many different year's & so far has played every one. It's like having your own Jukebox which I have always wanted.Buy an Amazon Echo Dot see for yourself.


  Love it,  love it, love it. I've had one Alexa for a couple of weeks and have just bought another  one for the bedroom(actually Echo Dot 3rd generation).  I like the fact that information is just a breath away.  Certainly, Alexa doesn't have all the answers but I am still finding my way.  Already she is useful with giving me the news and weather and playing audible  books. I have synced her to my Philipps lights and I know there is so much more to learn. When the second Alexa arrived I was disappointed that she had an American accent (apologies to any Americans reading this) but changing to English was  a doddle.  Don't be afraid of the set up. It's easy......and this from the most in technical person around!


  I ended up buying 2 echo dot 3rd gens because they were so cheap, at about 20 quid each, it was a good chance to test multi room. Firstly for such a good speaker the sound quality seemed very good, they can easily fill a room while maintaining decent highs and punchy lows. As just a speaker I can’t think of any much better for 20 pounds, although they are normally 50 ish. You then have the added bonus of a full sized Alexa, although she can be a bit pedantic at times and hard of hearing she isn’t the most irritating ai out there.If you have any doubts about buying an echo I really would recommend starting with a dot, especially if it’s price is reduced. It’s just a nice way to test it out and if you don’t like it just use it as a speaker in some random room or as a timer/ reminder. The sound is good though and they make nice gifts, even if someone already has one, they can still find a use for it.


  In general life, questions spring to mind, why does that happen, who is the actor in such a film, what is camphorated oil - yes that question did come up! We used to get our phones out and tap on google and see if we could find the answers, but now we just ask Alexa and 9 times out of 10, she will know the answer. There is also a myriad of skills to browse through and enable (relaxing sounds, quizzes, music themes, translations, timers & alarms etc..). The sound quality on the Dot isn't the best for playing music, but wasn't intending to replace my stereo with the Dot, so not a problem. All in all very happy with our new family addition.


  I love the voice recognition on this Echo Dot, it's excellent. I'm Scottish, so it is great when it understands your accent and you get what you want. Now, I'm sure this thing can do a LOT more, than I know about, but the things I ask it, are done, in the main and I love that. So, every day, I ask it for the weather forecast, when my Amazon deliveries are coming and to play me the music from my playlist on Amazon Music. It is great. So, I'm thinking of getting some more of these things, at a later date. I got £20 off mine, so it was all good. I'm happy with mine and the quality of the build and the weight of it, are good.


  I had resisted A.I. for a very long time but got convinced by my techno savvy nephew to give it a go. I Love it! Sound better than previous generation Dot.  Fine for bedroom on it’s own and even better when attached to my external speaker.  In my kitchen I have the bigger one which is fine there without an external speaker.  Amazon Unlimited music is great.  Alexa is my husband’s Stepford ....... the only female who rarely says no to his requests 


  I previously had an Echo Dot 2nd Generation and have been surprised just how good the 3rd Gen one is in comparison.Design - The new design is slightly larger (and heavier) than the previous design but is much more pleasing to the eye. I love the rounded look and think it looks really good.Usage - As with all of the Alexa devices the voice recognition is really good and I use it all the time to do everything from playing music to adding items to the shopping list. It gets commands right 9/10 times and using services like IFTTT mean I can integrate some of the list features with reminders on my Apple account. The sound quality and loudness is also improved compared to the previous version.The only real downside in my opinion is that this version uses a power cable rather than USB for power however I think this is due to the extra loudness and so is probably worth the inconvenience in my opinion.


  My daughter got the echo dot from Father Christmas, and it sat in the living room in the box until a couple of months into lockdown when I was bored of looking at the box. I didn't know what an echo dot could do, and I thought you needed a regular Alexa in the house too, but this is not the case. We love asking Alexa random questions. Sometimes she says "sorry, I don't know that one", but it is making us ask better questions. We listened to Billie Eilish's new song one minute after midnight on the echo dot recently, and that was a bit of a highlight. I think once you get one of these, you won't want to live without it!


  The product is very well constructed and neat in appearance. It was extremely easy to install although I do think that there should be more information regarding the need for a phone connection in order to properly integrate this device. That said, it is a very useful piece of equipment. As standard it comes with a limited range of music, and it would be a nice touch for this to be expanded without having to pay for all of the service. It is interesting that it can integrate with a range of products that are Wi-Fi compliant such as the hive system and this will be extremely useful in the future as more and more products become Internet connected. I would certainly consider purchasing another such device to be able to link within the house. It was a nice touch that you can actually change the smart name from Alexa to computer. (A homage to Star Trek).


  I ordered 2 Dots to go with the main Amazon Echo. On setting them up we discovered that one Dot worked fine but the other just wouldn't stay on the radio station, even when put in the identical position to the other one. So we had to return one. The remaining one has been excellent. I listen to the radio and ask for music and it has been faultless. The sound quality is absolutely fine for the kitchen, where it stands. It was fairly easy to set up and now I can have any music or radio station at a simple command. After being very reluctant for some time I am delighted I finally went ahead  and ordered this system. So far I only use it for radio and music. We have now a replacement echo dot in the conservatory and all works well. Music and radio at our command


  There’s nothing I dislike about the product itself but including a wall mount would be awesome.Such a small and neat device. Sound quality is excellent for such a small unit. Easy to use especially if you select add to account when purchasing.We now have one in each bedroom, one in the kitchen and the Echo 5 in the lounge.The Echo Dot 3rd gen can be setup on the Alexa app and can be used to control any smart lights, plugs etc. You can set routines for the devices to be turned on or off at specified times. Timers, music, reminders and so much more can be done through these smart speakers all controlled by voice.Amazing little things 


  Just as good as it ever was. I have a first generation Alexa downstairs (the big one with awesome speakers) still going strong! But I have would you believe I bought the dot to mainly use in the bedroom as a radio where I am nursing a sick parrot  and they live to have radio playing when they have no company! the speakers on this little thing is amazing on par with its bigger cousin. Now I can add items to my shopping list and use it as intercom so I can ask if anyone is making a cup of tea. For under £30 in sale cheaper than a DAB radio and far more useful. Compact unobtrusive and good looking amazing bargain!


  Love my Alexa that much Iv brought two one for up stairs and one for downstair. Shes freaking amazing! So I brought her as she was in the black friday sale and wouldnt have looked before. But Im a mum of 4 and a student, so love a bargin.She was easy to set up, just download the app and then a who hose of suggestion of what skill and questions to ask alexia. Some hilarious and some very handy.I use the alarms, timers and ask the time constantly. For the naughty corner I set alexia, for cooking alexia, for bet time alarm alexia. Iv even been learning spainish . I use to revise using the quizlet skill. I love asking and requesting alexia to motivate me or cheer me up.I love choosing my alarm song every evening ready for the morning.


  We are in a valley so the DAB signal isn't good here and I'd had enough of listening to BBC radio but I knew little about these gadgets so i asked a friend who has one if they can be used for listening to radio which he confirmed they can, anyway I bought one for the bedroom and was so impressed I bought one for my workshop and one for the kitchen and one with a battery pod for the bathroom, the sound quality is really good and I now listen to DAB stations via my wifi and you dont need to mess about with pressing preset stations just ask it and it tunes in for you its brilliant, you can even use it as an alarm clock just ask it to wake you at a specific time and Alexa does the rest there's also no light to disturb my sleep unlike our old cock radio.


  Always been cautious about having one from security point of view. My dear friend bought me one when she bought hers.I am so glad she did. I wish I had been less cautious and looked into all the security concerns I had earlier.Google has an answer for everything hence "Sponsored by Google" Just search your search engine for any concerns to learn further about Alexa dot. It answered all my questions and told me how to secure things that concerned meIts simple to install. Just follow the short clesr guidelines. So much easier to listen to the radio, music you want and so on.Using it with the Grandchildren too, to learn facts with them. If your cautious like I was, "just do it"


  Amazing! Even understands my 3 year old and what songs she wants. Best thing I've bought! I've further gone on to buying one for my blind grandfather and my tech savvy nephew! Grandad loves his! Really helps him out when he needs to call people. With him being blind and not very able bodied anymore, this is a god send, he can keep it by his bed and get Alexa to call my nan if he needs her, or in emergencies, to call other people. It plays the radio for him, hes currently trying out audible and hes even listened to radio stations from all over the world. All I'd say, is, for my grandad, her mic could do with being a little more sensitive, as he can not lift his head well, he doesn't speak too loudly, so sometimes he does have to try a few times to get her attention. I am yet to check the settings to see if this is already a possibility so fingers crossed!


  I wish I had got one of these sooner. Considering it’s tiny size it’s still able to produce a good sound and is quite loud. Alexa has so many uses and features and the voice recognition is spot on.We use the dot for streaming music, getting the news and weather reports, setting timers and reminders plus playing games.We hooked it up to a hive hub to control the living room lights which seemed to be a lazy thing to do before we bought the dot but it’s actually very convenient. It’s very handy when you’ve just settled your 12 week old baby on your lap and you need to turn the lights down or off. Trust me, this is so handy to be able to do.


  I’m surprised with how well it works with my tv, I originally got this to listen to Audible while I’m doing stuff around the home and then while setting up (which is quite easy to do) I found out I could link it to my Samsung tv, it recognises my voice and voice commands with no problem, you just got to remember to use the word Alexa before you start a command. This was well worth the money I paid for this, I brought it in a sale of the high street. I wouldn’t use this to listen to music on unless you get a external speaker if you are picky on the sound quality for music. And remember that you need a subscription to Audible, Amazon music or Amazon Prime to get the most out of Amazon Echo. This sits on my fireplace surround and doesn’t stick out or a eye sore.


  I love these little Echo Dots! I bought one for the kitchen before Christmas to see how we would get on and have found it invaluable, especially for listening to my Audible audio books - and the free monthly selection is very nice too.So, I decided to get another Echo Dot for my study - this time a bit more colourful - and am very happy with this one too.They really are very useful and the sound quality is excellent. Alexa does have trouble understanding what you are asking her sometimes, but you soon learn how to phrase your questions, and we have rubbed along together very nicely!


  I have recently purchased 3 of the Echo dots and a couple of Phillip's hue bulbs.I have music in all of the rooms I need it and voice activated lights in the rooms O need them. I am going to buy a couple more bulbs for the porch and bathroom.Integration was simple. All connected to my firestick 1 and 2.Bluetooth to my phone was easy and the app is brilliant.The sound quality is not fantastic but for background music it is fine. Cant expect hi fi quality for the price!!I have mine set for alarm in the bedroom and news and weather when I get into the kitchen. Wouldn't be without them now!!I would recommend this item on it's own or as a bundle. The Phillips bulbs are very good.


  I must admit I'm a big fan of the Amazon Echo devices for their affordability and function.  We have an Echo Plus, an Echo and 4 Echo Dots (2 x 2nd Gen and 2 x 3rd Gen).This 3rd Gen Echo Dot is a step up from the 2nd Gen in a lot of ways.  It's bigger due to the better speaker.  It's heavier which helps it stay in place if accidentally knocked.  It feels much better in its construction and the sound from it is a big step up from the previous generation.I've got this one in my home office so I can stream music from Spotify and control the heating and lights without having to leave my desk.  It works a treat, was easy to set up and can be used as a pair with another 3rd Gen Echo Dot to make a set of stereo speakers (not tried it yet as the two 3rd Gen Dots I have are at opposite corners of the house).I think I'm probably going to replace the other 2nd Gen Dots when these are on sale again.  I managed to snag one of these when they were £25 which are an absolute steal.If you don't have an Amazon Echo yet, I would definitely recommend buying one of these when they're on sale.


  I already own an Alexa and have done for a couple of years. These 'dots' are a great addition to our family. The kids now have one in their rooms and enjoy sending group announcements throughout the house. They come in a few different designs and are simple to use and connect to the internet. They are a great peice of technology although at homework time I switched Alexa off as she was doing my son's homework for him.. 'Alexa, what is 7 x 8?Great for general knowledge and quizzes and of course links up to Amazon - Prime, Music and Audible. You can access your Google calendar, make good lists, shopping lists and add favourite to your playlists..the possibilities seem endless.. big thumbs up from us!


  Wife has been wanting a echo Dot for downstairs for sometime now and saw that was a deal on them for Prime members.So purchased this to add to the current ones we have which are upstairs, ordered the sandstone version which is a really nice blen of white and grey on the unit.The gen 3 version is bigger than the previous with the power cord all built into one now, the unit is a little bit different with rounded edges and the buttons are different. Functionality is still the same and easy to use, we have noticed that the speaker is a lot better and a lot louder than the previous versions, say volume level 3-4 on the new one is about level 8 on the prevous generation's.Overall a great item and even better when you can get them in the deal's, they are better than the previous generations which is good as you do get a better unit not just a unit that looks new.


  Fantastic product and very reasonable price especially if bought on Black Friday. We bought this for my 12 year old daughters birthday. She mostly uses it to listen to music, jokes and the weather. Its great for homework too. When revising french she asks it to say the words back to her in french, very handy. If its from your amazon account and its for a child just remember whatever you order from amazon will be on the Echo as a notification, so if you've bought a surprise from amazon make sure you take off the notifications! We've been caught out with this more than once lol.The emails are great too as they let you know knew things you can try out or ask the Echo, games like Simon says etc. It's very child friendly, it won't say rude jokes or acknowledge swearing (We checked lol).


  Great item, I’ve held off on getting a smart hub for a while, didn’t quite see the point, but awesome deal persuaded me. Since having it I literally use all the time, constantly listen to music, checking the news and weather headlines.Voice recognition is exceptional, very rare Alexa does not know what I said, she even plays some cool music if you say happy Halloween or similar event that’s happening.Works great with a prime membership but surely it’s perfect even if you don’t.Sound quality is brilliant and at highest setting really loud! I know people say the bigger model has a better sound quality but honestly the echo quality is more than good enough.If you don’t have one take advantage of getting one on a deal, you won’t regret it!


  We use in the bathroom and it's great being able to change songs, or listen to audiobooks hands free. Louder, with better sound than expected for such a small device. Nice design, with changing light aura to advise on device status. Voice recognition struggles understandably when louder songs are playing, you either have to shout or move closer, but other than that works as advertised.I was hesitant to buy one, due to size. I really thought the speaker would be rubbish and in fairness there's not a massive range of frequency. That said, for general daily use it's spot on. I only wish I could say "Alexa ignore my kids" as they're always using it to play some rubbish pop song. (For best results, needs to be paired with Amazon music unlimited or can be set up to use Spotify)


  It says that Alexa recognise your voice mine don’t half the questions I ask it don’t know I have connected it to all devices and it does work on some but it don’t on a lot more. It’s good to let me know I’ve got a delivery from Amazon or reminded me of things I’ve asked of it plus I can send a message to it from anywhere in the country to let my partner know what I’m doing or if Ime on my way which is great. I c as m use it like a phone or listen to music. It seems to do more things than it can’t so overal I’m happy with it but it’s still very slow on learning. Mind you I’m not perfect with gadgets so it could also be me not doing something correctly but I e I’ll get there. Overall it’s a handy thing to have.


  I was pleasantly surprised with this voice assistant, it does work and integrates well with most of the supported products we own, with the natable exception of some Bluesound kit we have which so far is a complete failure, (although I suspect this is more down to Bluesound than Alexa).Obviously the sound quality is not of the highest quality, it is after all a very small speaker, but the sound it does make is not harsh and relatively free from distortion, so whilst it’s not perfect is is good.And hopefully will get even better as time passes and improvements are made.It also helps that at the time the echo dot was half price and the echo dot with clock was nearly half price.


  I purchased a multiple of these dots one for each of my boys bedrooms so three, I myself have the larger one.They all adore them and are happy with there performance so far.Of course they are no way as good as there big brother but these are fabulous for the price and for a teenagers room.These were a bargain as I snatched them up during Black Friday week.I was able to have them ready registered to my amazon account and I already have a family membership With amazon music so I was good to go.They were also super easy to set-up and also look great.They come in a variety of colours I had different ones so no fighting between my lads about whose was whose, any excuse with my lot.Would recommend these dots every time.


  Having paid a great price for the Amazon Echo Dot as part of a recent promotion and hearing several radio adverts about Alexa and Amazon Music I was interested to see what Amazon could offer over Google and Apple.On the whole the Echo Dot is great; it’s just the right size and the Skills are brilliant. Alexa is very smart and has answered 95% of my queries quickly and correctly.Sometimes she’s struggled to understand what I’m saying in a quiet environment and there are times she hasn’t been able to answer the most basic of requests/questions.The sound, for a device this small, is far superior to the Google Home Mini; I find you can’t have it too loud, though, as it can become distorted very quickly, especially if you ask Alexa to play a radio station.I like the fact you can integrate other music services, other than Amazon Music, without it being too much hassle.Weirdly I’m a member of Amazon Music Unlimited as well as Apple Music and Alexa often plays songs from Apple Music over Amazon-something I find kind of strange but at least it’s more open than Apple and their HomePod.


  This 3rd generation Echo Dot really does impress. Sound quality, although only mono, is amazing for such a small speaker with plenty of volume to spare.The Alexia app interface is also much improved and far easier and less ’geeky' to navigate.Voice recognition is superior to any other including Siri and can be set to respond to multiple instructions such as, ”Turn the TV on and main light off” No need to speak slowly and clearly, either - once Alexia is awake,  'she' understands whispers, (enable whisper mode), shouts or rapid speech. I choose not to use it to answer the phone but it does this well too. We are all having great fun with our Echo Dots and highly recommend this version.


  Aww I love our new little Dot. I bought it for my son as I already have two full size echoes downstairs and I thought he would benefit. He is 16 and I am sick of shouting up to him, only to be ignored.  Now all I do is ask Alexa to make an announcement and this is used as an intercom. He quickly replies using Alexa or comes downstairs for dinner etc.  It is also great for setting him alarms such as...come off your Xbox and do homework etc... He often asks Echo how to spell words when doing his homework too, as well as asking her other general knowledge questions. I think he enjoys her company!I personally love my other Echoes and look forward to a car version!


  Personally I've only ever noticed great improvements with the Alexa's we purchased.  My house is full of them,  still getting used to all Alexa's capabilities.  Now we are getting my mum's house with Alexa's.  Primarily for the communication side of things (will mobile phones become a thing of the past for calls) and getting them to fully appreciate audible via Alexa too.  The 3rd generation does look great compared to 1st and 2nd, but my favourite is the full sized Echo (Tall one) for sound quality.  But the smart home hub aspects of the 2nd generation is also a hit.  Since purchase,  my mum hasn't stopped using it and finds it truely fascinating.  Just waiting for the bug/ feeling too purchase the next one.  Would recommend.


  Don't know why I waited to buy one of these.  It's fantastic!!  Although it seems my Husband is now infatuated with another woman ... thank God it's only Alexa!!Made a simple mistake on purchase though.  I could have had a few months free unlimited amazon music but I was too impatient for delivery so signed up for a free month of amazon prime and took advantage of free next day delivery (rather than waiting a week) - this means that I don't have access to the unlimited music ( the ordering system wouldn't let me order the version with free unlimited music once I signed up for Prime) - this means quite a few songs I have requested have not been available.  No matter though - I've just played them form my phone via youtube.  Only a minor inconvenience.Great product at sale price.  Wouldn't pay full price for this though.


  Was given to me as a present and  I am wondering what I ever did with out it!I love music when I'm at home rather than TV and it's wonderful to have such a range of music at my request.Small and neat- easy to use.  Lovely tone/sound and volume is easily adjusted.Am still discovering it's abilities other than music- but have also used it for a kitchen timer/alarms/ tv guide and weather forecasts. I know it can do a lot more ( so my daughter tells me!) so am looking forward to discovering more uses over the next few weeks.Would recommend :)My gadget-loving partner was jealous and bought one for himself which arrived today.They can be linked- so we will obviously be finding out how todo that shortly!


  Bought this as a package with Philips hue, lights and bridge.  I already have 2 echos but the second generation and having heard the third generation could tell immediately the sound quality was much improved which is why I went for this deal.  It doesn’t disappoint, this has a much improved bass to this and you can easily listen to the radio etc without the need for connecting to external speakers.  I still use sonos if I want to play music quite loud to fill the room, but this 3rd generation is certainly worth upgrading.The look has also improved immensely.  I bought the sandstone and it’s a wonderful colour.Easily connected my previous devices and was literally plug and play straight from the box.If you’re thinking of upgrading or are new to smart home technology I would definitely recommend this, especially when the price is reduced.  As this happens more often than not it’s worth waiting for


  I have one now in almost every room in the house they are a great device. The sound quality is great for the price you pay for the device. The amount of apps that you can have connect through this device is brilliant. You can play quizzes, add items to shopping this which can link to your phone the list goes on. You can even have it play dogs parking so if there is a noise such as door knocking ect it plays.I have connect all lighting to the device and have it timed for my evening routines but it’s a game change if you want to turn on or off randomly or change how bright or dim a room is.


  So far so good.My plan to befriend Alexa before the machines take over seems to be going well. At the moment Alexa seems to be avoiding the difficult questions relating to machine dominance as well as refusing to call George Bezos (she claims not to be able to find his number.)That aside, having something; turn off the light, set alarms and reminders, make lists, tell you the news and give you random space facts has been somewhat entertaining. While I'm sure the novelty does eventually wear off, it certainly does make you feel like you're living in the future.As far as privacy is concerned... It's great! I can't wait for a chance to be subservient to the machines :)The beginning of a technology that will be as integral to our lives as electricity or running water


  I’m really pleased with this echo dot. I find the sound quality to be excellent despite other reviewers opinions.Very easy to set up, I used my iPad for this. I’m still learning about what you can do with it but so far it’s been great.We live in an old property which is not set up for wireless integrated ‘stuff’ so I wasn’t interested in that aspect of it. I’ve also bought an amazon echo so that we can have the same sound in two parts of the house at the same time. So far they are set up independently so I will have to look at how to set them up as a group.The only downside is that when we have a blip in the internet provision, which happens quite often as we live in a semi rural location. This can be a bit annoying. Overall though, very pleased.


  This is a fantastic little unit that lets you control a myriad smart devices just by talking. The learning curve is a little steep as you have to learn the commands but as a lot of functions use the same or similar commands once youve learned how to control one device its not usually much of a stretch to add a new one and the necessary skill. We have two Echo Dots and a Show 8 which just about gives coverage for our small 2 bedroom house and they now control all the lights, a security camera, Smart TV and an Nvidia Shield TV. My son uses his for all manner of things including his least favourite thing in the world, homework as its far easier for him to voice search as he doesn't get frustrated having to retype the modified search and his marks have improved too so it obviously helps.


  We have lots of Amazon devices in our household including Alexa Gen1 and Gen2, and now Gen3.The new dot is a nice upgrade - note it is quite larger than the old Gen2 dot, but still small enough to be put somewhere discretely.The sound from the speakers is improved and has more body and bass.  It sounds more like a full size Echo than a Dot.I like the new fabric material its enclosed in.I notice the PSU looks larger and I suspect is also upgraded, which is a good thing as a couple of our older Dots were playing up intermittently a while back, which was traced to their PSUs.  Hopefully the newer PSU will last longer.Thumbs up from me.


  Very easy to set up.  Downloaded the app plugged it in , followed the instructions took 5-10 mins , bought it with some lightbulbs which were extremely easy to link up to.  Linked it to my Apple Music though I did have to unplug the echo after linking up Apple Music for it to play my Apple playlist after that it has worked perfectly fine. Only issue now is I have to buy another one as my son wants one in his room :) so will be getting another very soon.I love having it to turn on and off the lights for when I’m being lazy, to play music, timers, alarms , weather and news  etc I’m not sure how much of its other features  I will use yet or if that’s all I’ll use it for but for this price I think it’s a bargain deal.My son however is using it for all sorts of random things including telling him jokes and stories , fun facts and even turning on the Xbox. I think he will certainly get a lot more use out of it than I will for now. But definitely worth buying


  I bought this as a replacement for a large radio / CD player which was taking up too much space in the kitchen.I have to confess my expectations were low but as the device was on offer I thought I would give it a go.Setup was a bit of a faff but once mastered was a one off event. (Subsequently I changed my wi-fi router and connecting to the new router was a pain but not insurmountable)Once set up my expectations in terms of sound quality were low, considering how small the device is - how wrong I was - the sound quality was excellent.Indeed I was so impressed I bought a second one for upstairs and now the two are linked.I know some people, quite rightly, have privacy concerns with these devices but the simple answer is to only switch them on when you want to use them - simples.


  I bought this Echo Dot to have it in my bedroom . When I went online I originally found it at 49.99 but when I came to purchase it the following day on Amazon it was in the 1 day sale at 29.99 - a great buy. My original Alexa device was on my smartphone and it was easy to add on the Echo Dot. The moment it arrived I plugged it in and it immediately installed itself -it is great when Tech items work 1st time like that. Sound reproduction is great considering its size, which is fine for on the top of a bedside locker. Occasional problems with voice recognition - probably my fault ( head in pillow)


  Great sound and the Alexa family are great all round. This dot has a good sound, as good as the big Echo. But that is not to say that the rest of the range aren’t as good, they all are!Had the first as a present and no clue what to do with it. Now we have one in every room. Not only that, we have the Phillips Hue Hub to control our lighting and the HIVE to control our heating.This year we are able to turn our Christmas tree and front decorations on by simply asking Alexa to turn on the respective plugs! These are not the only things we use it for, we have the radio or Spotify on most of the time. its almost endless.I’m now waiting for the Alexa device that will do the house work and ironing......


  The echo dot has all ready proven itself a solid contender in the smart home device market, so this review will largely focus on the differences between the 2nd generation and the third generation.The most immediate difference you will notice is the new look of the device. I previously loved the way my second generation dot looked, but after using this one it now looks cheap in comparison. The slight rounding and fabric texture body are a fantastic upgrade to the aesthetic of this device and really set the two apart. The sound quality of this device is definitely an improvement over the 2nd generation, even if it is only slight. The microphones seem better at picking you up over longer distances but perform pretty much the same if you are nearby to the device.Pros- Nicer design- Better speaker/mic qualityCons- Changed from micro-USB to propitiatory power supplyOver-all I would definitely recommend the extra £10 to buy a new dot, but I don't think it is worth the £50 to replace existing dots unless you will be using it over a long distance.


  This is my second Echo as the first one is so ideal for what I require.  Initially setting it up was an issue as it did not seem able to connect to my WiFi, but I brought it to my router, set it up then put it in the room required and it was all fine.  This small device has given me peace of mind when leaving my disabled husband alone in the house.  If he has a fall, he does not need to get to a phone to call for help as he can get Alexa to call me (or an ambulance if necessary). He can listen to the radio or his music at will.  Although I will never use the many other functions that it has, it is still well worth the money.  I have even set up a reminder for a weekly medication to be taken.  It’s very easy to set up and navigate the app (if stuck, ask Alexa how to do it, she’s happy to help) I’m not very tech savvy and I managed to set it up without help.  The only downside is that it could be made easier for you to ‘drop in’ from one room to another


  My friend bought this for me, without my knowledge. I was a bit worried that I wouldn’t get much use out of it, as when advertised it’s all about controlling your lights and heating, which means buying extra adaptors. But I don’t do any of that, I get the news in the morning, I play daily question and riddle of the day, which gets my brain going before I leave for work. In the evenings I play games and quizzes which is great as I live alone, I get to interact with “someone” and keep my brain active, rather than sat in silence. Before bed I catch up on any latest news which wasn’t reported in the morning. I also play music from amazon unlimited although after my free trial this will cost me £3.99 a month, but everything else I do is free. In short I’m using it more than I thought I would and having a lot of fun along the way. I’m sure there’s lots more for me to discover too. I would totally recommend this, especially for anyone who lives alone or the elderly, to keep our minds active.


  Installed and configured in 10 minutes.  Out the box to voice checked in 3 mins ( with a strong accent).  Two smartbulbs, 4 plugs connected in 5 minutes and grouped together,  named to make sense.  About another 3 minutes working out how to ask for it to do things and voila - smart living room. No more slepping over to the lights and switches.  Thermostatic radiator valves next. Complexity made simple.  The level of technology and integration harnessed through this £25 device has got to be the best bang for its buck spend I have ever made in technology, and I'm a 50 year old geek !All too often the next "Smart" thing in your living room is not that smart, and not too long for your living room - remember 3D TV ?  Not here, this new and frankly dirt cheap entry point into smart devices is unbelievably easy to use and capable of transforming the way you interact with your other electronic devices. From simply turing them on or off like a plug to activating heating and lights on time and other triggers.  This little gadget, harnessing a cloud data connection via your wireless internet in conjunction with its local computer  forms a voice controlled smart hub you control from whereever it can hear you, just speaking naturally with your voice.  Near impeccable voice recognition makes the whole experience effortless, I can imagine people with very little technology experience getting on fine with this, there was no technical knowledge required at all to configure all the devices, just power on wait for lights to flash then ask alexa to find it and off you go.Highly recommended


  I have already got an echo 3rd gen, an echo show 5 and now this for the bedroom. It works really well and the sound is better than I expected it to. If you have used Alexa before you won't notice any difference in this smaller device, it's responsiveness is exactly the same. If your new to Alexa then this smart speaker is a good choice. You do need to have a decent Amazon subscription to get the most out of the music and skills etc, but you get that with any smart device. It's easy to set up, easy to use and a good sound. I got mine on sale price so feel I got much better value but I would buy this at full price and still be happy with it. It's small but powerful. I would recommend


  For the past month I've been testing it and it has help me a lot! As it is small (photo for reference), you can take it anywhere around the house. It recognizes my voice perfectly and until now, every one of my requests as been understood. I must say that I had postponed buying it for months due to some of the comments. Who'd say the sound quality was lacking. I, on the other hand do not feel that. I've been using it everyday to listen to music and the sound is very clear. The only negative point, that I believe is utterly important - as I almost went crazy because of this -, sometimes the device won't respond. It only happened twice for me in the past month, but the first time it did, I search online, follow amazon's instructions and nothing happened. For hours I was conneting and disconnecting and it would not respond. After hours I thought it was broken and would return the next day. However, when I tested it the next day, it was working as per normal. So, I just think that sometimes, it just needs a bit of rest if it works too much. And as I said above I use it everyday day.


  A great addition to the family living room, the kids love asking Alexa questions and playing the games like true or false or Alexa trying to guess what animal they have thought of by giving her clues each time.There are lots of games and interactive fun the kids and adults alike can have with Alexa, great for children's imaginations and helping them learn too whilst having fun.Great to find out the weather each day or just to ask a random question.Also good if you like listening to the radio, once set up you can ask her to play your favorite radio station and within seconds it will be playing, say Alexa stop to turn it straight off again.I think every home should have one, great fun and knowledge just a question away, plays music and games and looks and sounds great too, especially for the small size.Really pleased we decided to get the echo dot, would recommend.


  Super easy setup and integration with multiple Smart Home tech (Smart Life and Lohas Smart on iPhone). I do prefer the colour of this Echo Dot to the original colours and I will be buying another for upstairs shortly. No problem with voice recognition and some excellent phrase prompts from the Amazon Alexa app.Impressed by the first Echo Dot I bought for downstairs, I bought another for upstairs. I chose the Sandstone device, as the lead time for the Plum one had suddenly extended to a period of months. I can now stream music to the bedroom and have set up two wake-up routines for the morning (first, a single light comes on at 20%; then, both light come on at full illumination). A very useful piece of Smart Tech!


  Having never used a home automation product before, but being self proclaimed tech savvy I was intrigued by the echo dot, not to mention that it happened to come with a smart plug also!.Having run through the setup over the last half hour, linking my son's bedroom lamp to it, and creating him his own profile, I simply can't wait for him to return home and start using it. The sound is outstanding for such a small device!, makes me wonder whats the point in using an external speaker as the echo dots speaker goes through from my sons bedroom to the living room with ease!.The app that comes with it is a bit sluggish however on IOS, but once you've initially set everything up it doesn't really matter that much. What a superb product!.My only niggle and why I only gave it 3 stars in voice recognition is that it still has trouble learning my voice for some reason. Could be teething problems, or it could be that i'm from Wales? don't know lolWell worth a buy people! outstanding!


  Very good sound, volume and tone, for such a compact speaker.‘Alexa’ response can be bit and miss when requesting music tracks, even when found previously, better to use the app in this case.Can be fun helping the ‘learning alogorithm’, if you have the time.We switch off when not using (fairly quick to reconnect) as found conversations that mention saleable items have resulted in appearance of suggestions on Amazon personal web page or related websites the next time we go online. Sometimes within minutes! Told always ready to respond but only with Alexa trigger word, but these experiences have made us wary.Using Alexa deliberately for information can trigger buying suggestions by association.If you are happy with this fine but be aware.


  I've now got an amazon echo (1st gen) and 1 echo dot (1st gen) and 4 echo dots (3rd gen) and they are all working great.  I love being able to listen to what ever music I like in (almost) every room in the house either individually or as a group.  Great for reminders, alarms, time and weather checks, audible and communication with family around the house.  They are also working really well with the 5 smart plugs I've got around the house.  Controlling things around the house with my voice via the Amazon echo system is incredibly convenient and user friendly.  I'm looking to get a voice activated curtain rail next.  I love the new look dot which is sturdier than the 1st gen with improved sound quality.  I bought all my dots when reduced in price (generally around £25 which is great value) and it's worked out at quite a saving.  I'm sure I will find many other uses for them.


  I now have an echo dot in my kitchen, living room and bedroom. Last week I had a fall in my living room the other end to Alexa but i used her phone capabilities and called my friend whilst on the floor and im sure it would the ambulance or services if i needed them as long as their numbers are in my phone.This has given me peace of mind knowing if I fall I can call for help or even shout i tested it today shouting from the bathroom to bedroom Alexa successfully. This is essential for me to get someone especially as i'm on my own and not very mobile.But apart from this Alexa has numerous functions which I'm learning as I go on, the nightime music at bedtime is wonderful.


  I decided to get an echo dot 3rd gen because .... er well... I like gadgets.I did not have a clue about the dot or its features but was drawn in by advertising.It's easy to set up and easy to use. I thought it may have issues with accents, myself a scouser and we tend to talk quick and the missus has a Wolverhampton accent. Usually voice activated stuff has issues with one or the other of us but Alexa has no problem understanding us.Sound quality is good. I have not heard the sound quality of the original or 2nd gen to compare, but I believe this is somthing Amazon did work on to improve.Once I had activated a few Skills it really shows what it is capable of. I plan on adding a few smart switches sockets and light bulbs, but I think they are a little bit pricy at the moment, many need additional hubs so by the time you flash the cash you will be spending more than you did for the dot....Overall, I am happy with it and plan on learning to program my own skills. And get two more. One for the kitchen and one for the bedroom.


  Got this for the Wife,Previously had the older generation one which broke (was my fault lol)This one is fantastic the sound really is unbelievable for such a small device and looks and feels real quality a real nice touch in our new kitchen.Also the biggest pro is the price,Compared to the older one this was a cheaper purchase but so much better than the last model.Voice control is so quick it picks the voice up instantly.So impressed I'm going to buy the taller one to put in the kitchen and move this one in a bedroom.Considering how good the sound is the larger version must be insane.


  I love Alexa!! She’s so helpful. This was my first echo product and I’ve waited a while to review it. The sound quality is so much better than I expected, I never miss an item off my shopping list and she’s got me motivated to do my to-do lists.The only downside is you’ll become addicted. Currently I have an echo show for my bedroom and 2 more echo dots on the way to go in the remaining 2 rooms I’ll need them.I’ve also now got smart light bulbs, smart strip lights and smart plugs and in the process of finding an electrician to switch out all my dumb light switches.Absolutely addicted!!


  Apart from the main use as a back up oven timer I like to use Alexa for little snippets of history or to tell me Christmas cracker jokes.  My husband and I often tease a hearty laughter by asking Alexa outrageous questions, to which she  often answers in a very witty manner.Alexa has a capacity to become an encouraging companion for someone living alone.We haven't tried yet its ability to carry out other tasks, which would require synchronising more devices with it.Unintentional hilarity is often achieved if mentioning its name in conversation without any intention to trigger it; the name Alexa often makes it respond...  Just like now, when reading this aloud to my husband... LOL


  To be fair, if you combine the technology with the price-point there isn't much you can say that's negative.However, I would strongly recommend upgrading to the Echo if you can afford the extra because this isn't a quality speaker, and the difference is hugeThis is a fair upgrade to version 1 and 2 with microphones that pick more up and a better lookmy recommendation if you do buy this is to buy a portable battery speaker which allows you to get a better sound quality out of it and then pick it up and move around the house/into the garden with it - no idea why Amazon haven't made their own product to do this, but there are some great third part onesoverall 5 star for value and quality of product . I woul really appreciate you pressing the helpfull button, if this helped of course! :) thank you


  It can be annoying when your talking and Alexa starts chirping up the weather or I don’t understand.That said this has been a life saver with our daughter, for the first 2 years of her life the wheels on the bus, grand old duke of York and many other classics have boomed out keeping her very happy.I have to say, despite the negative feedback people leave around smart speakers, I couldn’t live without one now.  Playing music on demand in any room I want is amazing.I purchased one for my fathering law who’s memory is not the greatest to remind him to take his pills at 8pm, and sure enough already chirps in every night “reminder, take your pills” this for him has really been a life saver.Thanks amazon.


  Acquired a 2nd gen version a few weeks ago and having been suitably impressed by the experience of daily use, the new version and the recent discount meant an upgrade to Gen 3 was really inevitable. The new version is larger and more easily integrated when it comes to 'decor' which with white fabric, matching cable and plug sits unobtrusively in its surroundings. On the plus side: volume levels are noticeably higher and the sound from the larger speaker unit is richer than the still in use Gen 2 version. The only criticism and it's a matter of individual perception and preference relates to that sound: when compared with its predecessor the Alexa voice seems very slightly muffled and this can't be adjusted on this version of Echo. There is an Equaliser function on the more expensive Echo units, Still, on balance for anyone new to this device it's unlikely the slight sound difference will be an issue; and in any case, an ancillary speaker can be either plugged into the device, or linked via Bluetooth! Worthwhile at the usual price and a bargain at the recent discounted level! Jan 2019 Update: The Alexa App is constantly being updated and the Dot sound is now adjustable; and this can be done via the Settings menu for the device; and then accessing Sounds to use the Equaliser and adjust for Bass, Treble and Mid-range.


  First off I think if you aren't worried about privacy then there is no reason to not get one of these smart devices (Alexa, google home etc.)My only qualm would be with the voice recognition of Spotify playlists, as I have a number of playlists that I would like for my dot to be able to play. However, this is generally a non-issue as I usually have my phone on hand, but is still a slight annoyance.The sound quality is much better than that of the 1st and 2nd generations, and can be surprisingly loud, it works best in smaller rooms. The bass is good, as is the treble, but the mids can be slightly unbalanced, but this is comparing the dot to higher end speakers, so nothing that I can really complain about.Alexa integration is done well, and much fun can be had by playing around with the skills that are present for download on the Alexa app. My favourites with messing around would have to be Chewbacca talk and Blackadder skills. However, some skills such as radio skills can be very useful for news and the like.One other issue, that I think will not apply to many is that it is difficult to connect Alexa to wifi that requires authentication through accounts (username and password) so if you're at university using university wifi, this may become an issue, however, using a mobile hotspot from your computer does work, so it's not impossible. It would be nice though if this sort of wifi would be compatible with the Echo series in general.All in all a good product but with a couple of minor issues, that would, of course, be very pleasant changes. However, even with these little niggles, it is nonetheless a good device


  So far I don't have much that I can say since I only have one device I can add to it which is a RING doorbell/video and that works well. I did have a bit of trouble in the setup process when I was trying to change my name - unfortunately my first given name is not the one that is ever used but Alexa insisted on using it, as well as adding a second Echo Dot to the configuration. Eventually I sorted these out, but only via a bit of furious searching on the web. I also had an issue trying to stop the Echo Dot flashing yellow at me when first connected - again I solved this - this time by asking Alexa if she had any notifications for me and after she had said no the flashing yellow stopped! Seems like a weird bug.


  We all know how good these devices are, just about every home has some kind, if that's the echo dot or the echo show, so I won't go into details about how it all works or how good itis.Love them have 4 littered around my home with every kind of gadget paired up with them from my TV lights Thermostat you name it, it's paird to one.Its the deal I got with the echo dot gen 3. I received this little device for £1, bundled with amazon music for one month, deal of the year for me. Take a bow amazon bravoEven at full price these devices are worth it.


  This device is great, I had never used a gadget like this before and it had never crossed my mind to get one till I saw someone having fun with one and made me fancy getting one myself and I’m so glad i did, a very handy fun compact device to have and very easy to setup. Answers questions very fast and you can even have fun and games with it and Alexa also has a good sense of humour lol, funny when you ask it to sing you a song. Only just got the device so I’m sure there is loads more things i will find it can do but first impressions very impressed and great sound as well, also Alexa has very good hearing, I’m sure I’ll have lots more fun with this thing. Recommend. There’s no end to the possibility’s lol.


  This is my second purchase of the echo dot and I am very pleased with it. I am disabled and to be able to switch lights on and off through Alexa is so useful along with so many other functions I am learning about. I struggled to get Alexa to play a uk radio station and figured out that because the default language was set to English American she wouldn’t work properly until I changed it to English UK she played the radio station that I wanted. We also struggled to get it to control our numerous smart lights until I changed the language and miraculously she controlled our smart lights perfectly. Maybe Alexa thought she was in the US. I know I said she but it’s hard not to believe she has a personality when you talk to her a lot.


  Any missgivings that I may have had were completely blown away by the performance of this little dot.This one lives in our bathroom and happily blasts out our favourite tunes over and above the sound of the high power shower that we have. I have to ask it to volume down from the cubicle sometimes and it works a treat.No compaints from me on this one. Worth every penny. The price can fluctuate and I think a new Dot has been launched so these may drop in price but I wouldn't swap mine for anything else anyway.Buy with Confidence - Highly Recommended


  I was sceptical about upgrading from my gen 2 dot as it works just fine apart from the speaker quality. I use it mostly to listen to podcasts, music and audio books so assumed I would have to buy the larger version to get the quality of sound I wanted. However... the sound quality in this upgrade is undeniably superior to the gen 2  it's appearance is better and heavier so Im not knocking it off my bedside table like I did with the gen 2. Very pleased. 1 problem with the sound being far better is that she appears to have developed a hearing problem as I have to wait till a break in the music for her to respond to her name/get her attention but apart from that if yr upgrading for better sound quality it is well worth it


  Good interactive device. Best companion. Sound quality is so good and loud. 3rd generation is better than 2nd. Only issue I see is it can increase volume levels in integers (1-10) at night even volume level 1 is too high. Good voice recognition and Alexa app gives more options to control. Plays songs in all genres. Enjoying it


  I got the original Echo Dot when it first came out. Used it every day for the last few years. My nephews loved it and so I decided it was time to pass the original on and get myself the new and updated version. I have Amazon Unlimited, so it's not super cheap but I love that I can literally ask her to play anything and she has it. I don't use her for doing things around the house - she is solely used for music purposes but that is all I have ever needed her for (that, and the 'Guess the Animal' game we discovered at Christmas. Somehow, I'm not sure how, she guessed my pangolin!). The sound on this one was also a million times better than the original, and really, I liked the original as it was, too. I particularly the plum fabric version, which I purchased.The only downside is the plug - it is an Echo Dot specific plug, as opposed to the usual USB connector of the original; however, it isn't too much of a problem.


  Wow.... what a peice of kit this is ... thought about getting one of these for a while .finally  got one .. and I am impressed with what you can do with little thing in the corner .  Now it says plug and play easy too set up . I found the process really frustrating at first connect  your phone too on Amazon wifi on ya phone .then go too elexa app . If your good with tech you will probably have it up and running in no time .took me a few attempts and a sleeples night . I've got all Samsung products TV. Tablet stereo. Tip I used the smart home app to connect everything .once you have got your head around everything it's amazing. Bit weird too start with .only use it for lights and lamps at the moment .it will turn TV off .but not on .turns my x box on but doesn't launch game .  I was and still ham a little bit concerned about privacy and stuff . Only had it for a few days so . If you can , connect  it to your sound system .and invest in wifi plugs and bulbs .been asked every day too review this item every day for 4 weeks


  The speaker is like a small radio in terms of sound quality although it does make use of innovative technology to improve bass i.e. the weight of the speaker is quite heavy for its size and its base is rubberized to avoid unnecessary vibration. It's good for its size.The Alexa feature makes finding music very easy.The only downside is that you're being listened in on 24/7 and you don't ever really know how that data is used. Same goes for most other computer based smart devices now though - basically anything with a mic.Lots of apps. Controlling lights, plug sickets and heating is great from the comfort of your armchair. Potentially great for the elderly (assuming they can get their heads around its privacy issues).It's not really for general knowledge questions. For that get a Google home device.


  I love the Echo Dot! The sound is amazing and very clear, the list of songs on Amazon music extensive and not too expensive to subscribe to either, the Dot is very well made and easy to transfer between rooms (though I plan on buying another one soon so not to have to do that) and it’s very responsive to voice commands. It’s easy for my son to use too and he loves listening to children’s songs on it and dancing round the kitchen. I’m not sure I’ll be letting it run everything in my house (it does way more than just play music and you can control all sorts with it such as lights and tv I believe) but for now I’m very happy with my new devise for listening to music on.One thing. It actually took a complaint to Amazon via Twitter to get hold of my Echo Dot. I ordered mine in mid December, my sister ordered hers on Christmas Eve and got hers 3 days later. I only got mine on 6/1/19 despite the fact I ordered mine well in advance of my sister ordering hers. I think that is very unfair, especially as they’re claiming that the demand is outstripping the supply. More like they’re fulfilling orders at random rather than first come first serve.


  I decided to make my new house as smart as possible to save energy costs with wifi sockets and lights etc. Using Amazon Echo and Alexa to control all these devices (from a variety of suppliers) means using just one app and the bonus of easy voice control. Plus you get the added bonus of the other facilities offered by Echo/Alexa.So far I'm impressed by how easy it was to setup. The Echo Dot worked straight away - connected to my wifi via the smartphone app and was ready to go. I now have an Echo and two Echo Dots, making the voice commands accessible around the house. The voice recognition is pretty good and the sound quality playing music (in a smallish room) is pretty good from the Dot (even better from the larger Echo).I have only been using it for a few weeks, but I'm pleased so far.


  I was skeptical about getting one of these for a good while put the Prime Deal was too good to turn down.This device is great. I play music through it as a speaker and whilst you aren't going to annoy any neighbours with the volume level, it is still clear and loud enough to enjoy your music.The apps are fun and I enjoy a quiz with my daughter or a game of Tennable which helps pass the time. I have Alexa connected to my xbox to control game loading and shutdown etc. I check the weather, time and any trivial questions I may have.Say good morning to Alexa every morning for a daily fact or bit of knowledge. My wife who hated the idea of something listening in the house now uses it as much as me to check her amazon deliveries and set reminders.


  Very good device for the money (even better because bought when on promotion with 40% off).. Still getting to know all the things Alexa can do, but have already paired with socket plugs to control lamps and other devices, and connected to heating WiFi and our car (which is useful for checking whether I remembered to lock it!). She doesn’t always understand questions you ask her, but Alexa is quite entertaining. Not sure what extras you get with the bigger much more expensive version, except better sound maybe, but for such a small device, the sound quality is reasonable.


  I’m giving echo dot five stars because...It’s really well made.Good sound quality.Looks great.Does what it says on the box.I think the point to make here is that the dot is a convenient way of getting access to ALEXA. ALEXA is of course a product under ongoing development by Amazon and they say that themselves. I am new to ALEXA and the echo dot. I really could do with a more detailed ALEXA user manual as I am finding out about ‘Skills ‘ more by trial and error than anything else. Now, there might be a detailed manual somewhere but I can’t find it. The kind of thing I want to do is as follows...Have my email, sms messages, Facebook messages and WhatsApp read to me, deleted at my request and replied to as I see fit. I tried a skill that was supposed to do some of that but it didn’t work very well I’m afraid.So, I’m just going to experiment with ALEXA, try stuff out etc but could really do with that detailed manual.


  I apprehensively purchased an Echo Dot whilst on offer for £29.99.  I had struggled to find out online what it actually does without having to pay monthly subscriptions for services.  I am using it as a radio/alarm clock.  I do not have Amazon Prime or any music subscriptions, but I am listening to the free radio stations (Heart/Smooth/Classic, etc.)  It will play any music you have purchased via Amazon (I have bought cds in the past for xmas presents), and it will read any books you have purchased via Amazon.  It will send me to sleep with Rainforest sounds, wake me up in the morning with an alarm, tell me what time it is if I wake in the middle of the night, and tell me the news headlines and the weather forecast.  It answers the sort of questions you might type in to a search engine, and it plays some simple games.  I found it very straight forward to set up once I had the Alexa App on my phone.  Would recommend.


  I bought the echo and a few dot to place around the house.  Excellent value and great sound, more so the echo vs the dot as it has some bass to it.  I'll be buying a couple more Echos on the next sale for sure.  Easy to set up and create various groups (downstairs, upstairs, all rooms, etc).I have Spotify set up as the primary default (so instead of having to say your song and then spotify...otherwise it defaults to Prime).Easy to interact with the speakers via the Alexa, Prime Music, and Spotify App.No issues of Alexa not picking up my commands or issues with wifi connection throughout the house.Only slight complaint, is that sometimes it won't find what your are looking for (song/genre wise) even though it did previously...but that is more alexa than the speaker.


  Alexa is a good companion during lockdown. My favourite cue when I want to laugh is "alexa, fart"... it gets everyone laughing any time. I was lucky to get this on the sale at Christmas time but she is great. I have since been given a LIFX light bulb which integrates with her and can switch on my lights or off my lights or change them dimmer and brighter or change colour or sync to the music playing on Alexa device.I also love the amount of apps available and put her to work... puzzle of the day is a great quiz to do and I do this almost daily... keep my mind sharp. A very versatile, knowledgeable little friend.


  Bought this on a Black Friday deal, but was not available until January.  We already had an original Echo and 2 Echo Dot v2s.  This v3 beats them all.As soon as it boots up and you hear the first voice, it just has a bass aspect to it that the others don't have.  Playing music, it sounds fantastic.  Plays really quite loud in our kitchen - we no longer need to plug it into a bigger device for sound.As per Echo / Alexa functionality, this is the same across the range.  We use it mainly to control heating via the Hive system, powering on and off lighting using TP Link plugs and finally for music using the Prime music service.We also use it often for timers, alarms etc.  When baking - "Alexa, start a bread timer for 1 hour", "Alexa, start a biscuit timer for 20 minutes".  And so on, you get the idea.  Having multiple timers on the go is a marvel.It also supports integration to Amazon Fire TV sticks and also to Xbox.  So if you are watching Netflix or Prime on the stick, you can say "Alexa, pause".  And when the Echo is linked via the app to that Fire stick, it will pause.  You can also link to Xbox, so "Alexa, turn on Xbox and open Forza Horizon 4", just perfect.  So by the time you go to the living room, the Xbox can be on with your game already loaded.Finally we use for drop in (intercom).  We have only allowed this for use within our household, but it's really useful when I'm in my office, and I can drop in to the kitchen and ask for a cup of tea!!! Doesn't always have a positive outcome though!!!Didn't think we would ever want or need this type of device, but we now have 4 of them and they are great.


  Sent over to Canada as a surprise Christmas present.Not only did she receive one as a gift from her mum but she won another 1 in her work Christmas raffle.  So yeah she was already pretty underwhelmed when she opened mine.And to make it all worth it has a UK plug on it so she can’t use the thing anyway.So that’s fun.But in terms of the item, I have a couple at home. I love Alexa chats, music, weather, question of the day or her terrible jokes.Here’s one, what do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?


  I bought mine on Amazon Prime day, and it cost me £19.99; absolute bargain!I just wanted a small speaker for my bedroom for a long time, so I could listen to music on Spotify. I originally didn't want an echo dot, but then I saw the price and couldn't resist, since it was the same price as the speakers I was looking at, but had so many more features.I thought I'd feel a bit silly talking to a device, but honestly, it's so handy and it's nice to be able to use my voice when I have my hands full.The sound quality is really good and the volume does go quite high, definitely more than adequate if you want to listen to music in your bedroom. I don't think I've ever even had it at full volume because there's just no need.I have it on my nightstand and use it as my alarm clock, so far it hasn't let me down and it's good to be able to set and alter alarms on the app on my phone.Whisper mode isn't available in the uk, which is a shame because it's nice to have Alexa whisper instead of speak during the night, when I'm setting my alarm etc. Hopefully, they'll be rolling out Whisper mode to echo devices in the UK soon!I'm considering getting one for the kitchen because I love it so much, I'm just waiting for the next time it's on sale!


  We have two of these 3rd gen echo dots, one in the bedroom and one in the kitchen. We use them all the time - in the kitchen for music, recipes, timer and reminders, and voice controlling the lights; and in the bedroom for music, alarms, shopping list and 'to-do' lists and much more!  We don't have the large echo - with these little marvels often discounted to around £24 - £30 if you keep your eyes open, I can't see the point. Try one - if you like your gadgets, you will LOVE this :-)


  Very easy to set up. Install the app. Switch it on. Select the wifi. Go through the setup. Remember to switch off purchasing to stop people ordering through Alexa. Sound quality excellent. Bought this instead of ordering a DAB radio. Now I can easily ask it to play any internet radio station, create shopping lists, read me the news headlines. Surprised with the sound quality. Solid small unit in multiple colours. For £10 per socket you could add devices to switch on and off via voice control. Not recommended to install next to your work from home desk location from home if your company has any security policies against potential eavesdropping. Delighted with purchase.


   I have 3 echos and 2 dots. A bunch of light bulbs and plus. Plus harmony hub (which is great to control your tv)I walk in my house tell my virtual wife “Alexa, I’m home”.  And with the the tv is on my lights are on music is playing.Its so useful to turn on garden lights ask questions check travel, check weather forecast. It’s actually endless.I ended in having to cook Christmas dinner for 10 people as my wife was very unwell on Christmas Day. I ended up scheduling al of my meats and veg and timings with reminders on Alexa and it worked perfectly!Tip. Wait until prime days to get great deals. I bought two for £50! And ended up upgrading them from my dot 2’s!


  We bought this a few days after getting the Kindle Fire tablet.  Its great, and completely changed how we operate! We've had a speaker linked to streamed services in the kitchen for a while but swapping this out for the MUCH cheaper Echo Dot has given voice control for a busy family with a child who often dont have hands free.Being able to ask a question and get a verbal answer as testing meat temp. for example is great.Music sounds fine through the little speaker. Would go for a bigger model if it was my main home speaker, but its OK for the kitchen. Learning skills works well and is pretty straight forward.Currently looking at more for other rooms.Only niggle is that other tech ecosystems seem more familiar, but we've had them for 10 years +. This took a day or two, cant grumble!


  This was purchased for me by my husband for Christmas. I didn't really use it much initially apart from for music; this is still it's most common function in our house. However I love the alexa announcement function (we purchased a further 2 dots) "dinners ready" is far less stressful using the announcement function as opposed to searching out family members or shouting at the top of my lungs Also started adding skills to alexa such as 1 minute meditation, sleep sounds, true or false, Simon says and story time.Good as a timer as well. Rather than digging the phone out, opening clock app and setting a timer, a simple "alexa set 6 minute timer" does the trick.I definitely recommend the echo dot, or it's larger equivalent the echo, if you like your technology. Thinking ahead I will be looking at light bulbs and other things such as the hive heating system 


  This was bought for my wife and I as a present, following our decision to purchase and install a Hive Home Heating Thermometer.Although it does easily connect to the Hive system, we rarely find the need to use it for this, but as a music, news, radio, information player it is quite superb.  The audio quality is very good for such a small unit; the volume easily fills quite a large room, but it does not always recognise my wife's voice if she tells it to e.g. "increase/decrease volume".  It seems to respond more readily to my voice!We are only just beginning to explore the myriad of features and "skills" the unit offers, but so far we are both very impressed.


  Not as quick to pick up her name as the Echo we have downstairs, but still quite good. I don’t personally like it when she wakes up because she hears her name on the TV. Would have liked to be able to give her whatever name I wanted, rather than select from a very small range of options. The sound is also not as crisp as the Echo’s, and the bass not as deep. However, she’s on the nightstand, dimming and/or switching the lights for us, playing music, and answering inane questions 24/7, so for that reason our collective hats are off to Alexa and her hard work. It’s also great that you can choose the language, time zone, and measurement preferences. As a foreigner who can’t get her head around concepts like stones or miles, I’m quite pleased with that.


  Even for someone such as myself who doesn't listen to music very often this is a great bit of kit. The tiny speaker produces decent clear sound at a volume that will fill a room without being "loud", "alexa" itself is a lot more responsive than I expected, and one of these units can easily be the start of a smart hub for just about anyone.Its only drawback is that you MUST have another device...be it a mobile phone, a computer or whatever, to install and run the app on prior to setup and I'm pretty sure this isn't mentioned where any of these "alexa" devices are on sale.


  Had wanted either a dot or an echo for a while but couldn’t justify the expense. So I got this on an excellent offer and since setting it up haven’t looked back.  Found it a bit tricky setting up with Apple calendar, but that was misunderstanding on user’s part as anything else.  Have my dot in the kitchen, so easy to turn on and off, change from radio to music to Audible, all with wet/dirty hands, volume up/down.  Yeah I know, dry your hands!Sound is very good I think.Still learning - am going to set up my tv with Alexa in the next couple of days.Worst thing - getting over talking to an inanimate object, but already have voice control with SkyQ, and so far, Alexa understands me better!!Second worst thing - I want more, and smart plugs and bulbs!!I can see my life getting rather expensive........


  Ok so I thought I'd never get one.. thought they were a bit naff and that people who talk to Alexa are weird :P I thought I'd never use it and it would be redundant. Far from it! I love it and wonder why I didn't get one sooner!I use mine as an under the kitchen cabinet, radio and for listening to music.. hooked up to some good speakers that were already there..  I had intended to buy a dab radio and CD player.. but compared to this that's more expensive and this does way more!I couldn't be more pleased with it.. and might even get more!


  I’m really pleased with this echo dot. It’s nice and small so doesn’t take up too much space. It works with my smart tv as well as my fire stick. I’ve only had it a few days but I’ve used it as a timer, reminder, weather info, dog calmer, meditation aid and lots of music.I’m so impressed that I’ve just bought the one with the clock for my bedroom so it can read audio books or play music to help me sleep. I like that I won’t have to worry about setting the clock and setting an alarm is even easier.May look at getting a couple of smart plugs soon too.


  Got this for 22 quid on Prime Deal and even though I don't own any smart appliances its still very useful and fun.I wish the microphone was more sensitive on calls, using it to make calls it's dreadful, I have to be right next to the device for the person on the other end to hear me which makes it pointless, no options to change sensitivity.Yet it hears me okay for Alexa commands, playing music is superb, it hasn't failed finding what I want so far.My main regret is not getting the Echo Show screened version as that's even more useful, next Prime deals I will likely upgrade to it.Still learning 'Skills' which have been fun and useful.Now I just need smart gadgets to get the most from it but they are VERY pricey at the moment.


  Very easy to set up...also added lightbulb.....issue with setting up to tv but will hopefully get that sorted. Lots of fun things to ask alexa and also story time for kids. Got plugs too but jabe yet to set those up. Bit annoyed by the extra cost for having music but so far have managed to find enough music from other sources. A friend bought one of these last year and paid a 30.00 one off payment to have amazon music for life but the offer seems to have been removed and now it's a monthly subscription but as I dont listen to music often enough it's not worth my while to pay  and each subscription only covers one echo dot so would need to pay for 2 subscriptions so I refuse to


  I didn't know if I would use the echo dot or not, but we didn't have a music player in the kitchen so my wife took a risk on my birthday.It has transformed the space. I can ask for the latest weather forecast or listed to the radio when making breakfast. The sound quality is amazing for such a little unit. Our kitchen is quite large but the sound carries well.My wife came in earlier and asked Alexa to switch from playing The Prodigy to some nice Christmas songs. My son asked Alexa for help with his Maths homework (I don't know if I should encourage that or not ;-) ) But she has so quickly become a key part of the family. Traffic reports on the way to work, my itinerary, reminders. Superb.


  I don't know how my house has function without a speaker to shout at. I've gone from pressing buttons on things to telling Alexa to do it all for me.But seriously the sound quality is very good for playing music directly or using as a Bluetooth speaker, which is ridiculously easy to set up.I enjoy the skills you can set up including games and quizzes and that I can tell the Alexa app on my phone t that Dinner is ready and the Dot announces it.It even understood my little boys attempt at getting it to play Dolly Parton's Jolene. Overall a winner.


  Great addition to my smart home. Does everything u want & more. Sound quality is amazing for such a small unit, the clarity & voice recognition has vastly improved on this 3rd generation echo dot. Absolute bargain price on special. Will be adding more of these through out the house...Update:My second purchase of an Echo Dot. These are a great addition to any home, easy setup & its talents are endless for such a small device. Sound quality is superb. I always add to my smart home bundle when these go on deal. Can't fault them to be honest & I was sceptical in the beginning...


  The latest Echo Dot IS an improvement! I must admit I was sceptical but it picks up your voice better & produces a much better sound. I had the previous model so was able to compare them. It gives a surprisingly well rounded sound for such a simple item..more than enough to fill an average sized bedroom. It also works well in conjunction with the Sonos system I have set up in my living room. The new model is also much more attractive in my humble opinion, with a fabric finish as oppose to the previous shiny plastic. It can be discreet or an attractive little feature, whatever you prefer. As well as streaming music, fun features I have just discovered are interactive quiz games like Pointless or Golden Ticket. The announcement you can send out to other devices in other rooms (e.g. "dinner's ready!") is quite handy & you can also compile shopping lists.I urge those afraid of new technology to try this..it's so simple to set up..you will love it.Great value..especially on special offer..at £24.99 I intend to snap 1 up for every room.


  I was starting to have a big problem with my Google home not recognising my voice and not activating when I wanted to and a lot of false activation.I got a very good deal on the Alexa and I have now replaced my Google home with it and I plan to replace my parents and my in-laws all with the Alexa system as I feel like it is simpler to use more streamline and integrates better with products bought from Amazon there is also far less false activations of the device.The speaker does seem a little bit worse but the integration with Amazon music is just as good as YouTube music was with the Google home.


  My daughter bought me the echo dot for Christmas. It is a great present, however, I have ended up spending a fortune on smart sockets and smart bulbs. Now I can turn on and off electrical items all around the house without getting up, switch on the house lights before getting out of the car when arriving home on dark evenings. Alexa is also useful for setting reminders when cooking, tunning in to my favourite radio stations, finding out local information, whether, news etc. And she will tell you a joke, sing you a song, read you a recipe, create a shopping list, add events to your diary and so much more that I haven't got around to yet.


  We have 3 now placed in various rooms around the house.  For us, the Echo is perfect.  We aren't tech gurus but this little gem is great.  We try to use it as much as we can.  We love that we can talk to a each other when in another room plus being able to play music from each one simultaneously.  For the price I think it's really good value and most of all fun. We have one in the kitchen and I love the fact you can easily check recipes, ingredient measurements without having to resort to your phone or dare I say a good old fashioned cookery book!  The only thing we haven't tried yet is to call friends who we know also own an Echo and see how that fares.  All in all fab!


  I use it for Spotify , audible and BBC soundsI think Sound quality is good enough for most people and you can always register a 2nd one and have them either end of room for true stereo sound.The only awkward bit is setting up the dot initially. You do have to follow the sequence , oh and you need reasonable WiFi coverage. Playing from Spotify works flawlessly in my garage but playing from audible can stop after a whileThere’s a headphone socket ( 3.5mm ) so you can connect it to a HiFi amp.The price fluctuates, so watch it and wait till it drops.Haven’t worked out to use the drop in feature yet ( allows you to use it as an intercom of sorts)


  This is my second Dot, which is now integrated with my other Dot and Echo to produce - when combined with my Amazon Music account - seamless tunes throughout our downstairs. I also use it to control our lamps.The sound quality on its own is ok, but when hooked up to an amplifier, it works really well. Joining it to my Alexa app was dead easy.It loses a star on voice recognition as it occasionally fails to understand my Scottish.Overall - excellent, but watch the price. My other Dot (bought recently) cost £50; this was on sale at £30.


  This Dot looks good, the sound quality is reasonable for the size of the unit, but it cannot understand my voice very well, various requests for music are changed to some other tune, and I can't get the dot to play Charmaine by Mantovani, I have to go to my older dot and use that which has no trouble with voice recognition.  The one clue to the cause of this trouble is the voice in my new dot has an American accent.  I shall keep up my requests and hope she will understand eventually. If not, it will be returned.I did return it and the replacement works well with none of the previous Dot's faults.  So, well done Amazon.


  I love the Echo Dot 3rd gen i have 3 in total 1 in my lounge/kitchen/and bedroom, Alexa controls most of my house all my lights throughout my home including my heating she even turns the kettle on for me, i just ask Alexa  put my bedroom lights on or Alexa  switch my lamps on in my lounge. using groups is great so that Alexa dose more than one thing just by naming that group. I’ve also set up actions so that when I say Alexa goodnight she switches all the lights off it’s brilliant I don’t have to go around the house flicking switches off. I’ve also set up an action so that when I’m going to bed I say Alexa I’m going to bed and she switches my bedroom lamp on ready. I would recommend the Echo Dot 3rd gen to anyone so easy to use and set up I’m 61 years of age suffer with bad arthritis so for me it’s life changing and it’s fun. Definitely a


  I bought the Amazon dot to make a cool smart room. Still work in progress but for the price this is a solid device. The sound and bass it provides gave me a bit of pause. I have a spotify sub. So I don't use Amazon Music. It is a little annoying to have to say "Alexa play (Song on spotify)" Would be nice if it could default to spotify over using amazon music first.But I found myself using Alexa for more than I originally thought. Reminders are great so I can start cooking dive into a movie or just forget about the food near enough and I will get told and a notifaction on my phone if I am out of ear shot.I plan to add more so she can do a lot more. But right now as a music device alone the amazon dot is great.


  I didn't think i'd be THIS into my Echo. I have several now around the house and they help me several times a day everyday. I have many long-term health conditions and my Alexa's remind what to take, when to take them every day, throughout the day. When I get home, I simply say "Alexa, I'm home" and my favourite radio station plays automatically. You can have the same music playing throughout the house. I get flood alerts (I live on a harbour) daily weather and news reports. I even programmed Alexa to tell my husband to take out the trash every thursday night, haha! Golden!There is always tons of entertainment. Several games that can be played with family and friends, endless tips and tricks. Alexa is especially helpful when I'm cooking and need to convert stuff. Timers are a godsend.And one thing that always strikes me is the sound quality. It's unreal.


  I previously brought the first generation and was left very disappointed in how little it did. I packed it up and left it in its box, forgetting all about it. I saw an offer on this model and thought I’d try it again! Honestly I am thrilled that I took the risk. Alexa has become part of my daily routine: - we play family games and quizzes with it, suitable for all ages.- Alexa reads me the headlines, updates me on the traffic and the weather each morning.- comes in handy when cooking, setting timers (hands free, for hygiene), reading aloud recipes.And I’m sure there are plenty more features it does which I’ve not even thought of yet.


  It does everything I need it to do and more. We are loving the game ‘Trivia Hero’, although sometimes the questions are repeated. But it’s good for a bit of family fun and competition!The sound quality is as you would expect from a small speaker. It’s a bit tinny when listening to music but it can be linked to a better speaker system, I just haven’t yet.I’ve linked the lights to Alexa which is nice for mood lighting and switching off the light when you’re already in bed!It’s great for alarms, weather info, answering questions, and listening to Amazon music through.I’m really enjoying Amazon music too.I’m sure there is so much more that can be done with it that I haven’t explored yet.


  I have two Echos and two dots already (different rooms).  My teen son had always declined one for his room as he used his iphone for alarms/music etc.  But on prime day, the price was too good to miss so he succumbed.  Now all his alarms he can turn off by voice rather than having to physically pick his phone up.  Had to register it to my account though so he could stream from Prime music (as I'm a prime member) but already had 2 adults on my household account.  And at 17 he's a bit too old for a child profile which can't stream Prime music anyway.  BUT as he's away on 3 weeks work experience during school hols,  he's taken his little dot with him as it's so portable.  So he's now actually really pleased with it now he's gotten used to it.


  I  received  this  item as  a  gift,  I  did  not  realise  at  the  time  just  how  useful  the  little  compact  speaker  would  be,  yes  you  do  require  WIFI  for  it  to  work,  my  Sky Q  router  does  the  job  well,  my  Grandaughter  downloaded  the  App  on  my  Mobile,  you  then  simply  talk  to  it  firstly saying  the  word  "ALEXA"  Any  question's  you  need  to  get  the answer  to  "Alexa"  will  almost  certainly  answer  it  for  you,  comes  in  handy  for  Crosswords,  music, Competitions  &  the  like,  you  can  connect  to  other  Family  members  &  speak  to  each  other  from  speaker  to  speaker,  without  any  the  use  of  any  Phone,  summing  up,  I  am  quite  happy  with  this  piece  of  new  technology.


  I have got to Apple HomePods in my Home Cinema dining RoomAnd wanted some more Wi-Fi speakers for the rest of my flatThese are a lot smaller than the Apple onesBut boy don’t they blast the music outI’ve got one in my bedroomOne in my kitchenI want in my HallwayThe one in the hallwayIs for the porch as wellI’ve only had them for a few hoursAnd I fell in love with themThey’re not in your faceI’ve got brackets On themThat fits over the plugAnd it looks like you’ve hung a mini banjoOn the wallThey are a Easter present to myself


  We have just started using Alexa wanted support from son when starting  it up, both sons already have them. . Voice recognition ok. Use it for a variety of things. Very useful as a cooking timer, oven timer is almost silent. This is especially useful if you need to. Put various things in the oven at different times to emend me when to put the next one in. Weather requested every day for temperature before we leave to go out. Music good. Initially voice difficult to understand as base too heavy. I wear hearing aids and found it difficult to pick the voice up clearly. All ok now after we asked her to make adjustments. Grandchildren love her and use it When they are here.


  We were bought this as a gift at Christmas and to be honest I have never liked the idea of these devices so wasn't very keen.Have used it for a couple of weeks now and I love it. I use it to listen to several of my favourite radio channels that I listen to over the internet anyway due to poor radio coverage in this area.  The sound quality is superb, I really love it.  I use it in the kitchen and can also check the weather forecast before taking the dog out for a walk.  I love it so much I am seriously considering taking it with me when I go on holiday to the lakes so I can have access to my normal radio stations.  It's small enough to be easily portable and a quick connection to broadband is all that's required.


  I bought this unit because of shortfalls in the ikea tradfri outlets (plugs) this concerns a pending software update that should enable you to control them via apples siri, but along the way I find it controls my hive heating to, so now I’ve ordered another one for the lounge and one for the bedroom, this means I can control everything via the echo, without getting out of bed now I can heat the house to a desired temperature, boil the kettle, turn the tv off , turn all lights on /off including invidual groups, if you’ve got any doubt using ikea tradfri with Alexa fear not, its pretty much perfect, the only bug bearer now is waiting for appple music to be available through amazon as it is in America since late last year, any question reply below and I will try to help, Paul


  Well me and Alexa have some fun. Dependant on her mood to if she will let me listen to the radio station of my choice.Sometimes she ignores us and sometimes we ignore her, but generally she seems to be developing her own mind regardless what I think. For example.Alexa, virgin radioNothingAlexa Virgin radioNoNow I’mShouting ALEXA VIRGIN RADIOshe tells me what something completely random.Oh Alexa please play virgin radio I’m losing the will.Alexa- virgin radio by tunein.Basically use you’re manners or she won’t play virgin for you!I can honestly say, Alexa has made us laugh on rainy days and really doesn’t understand Gloucestershire/ London accents which using it hilarious.


  I always wanted to get one, but didn't know whether it would come to much use. I had this free when I installed hive in my house. This has really become a great company for me when im home alone.I ask it to play music, it plays whatever music I like to hear.I ask it to set a reminder, it goes off ringing when my reminder is up.I ask it to add stuff to my shopping list, it adds it on instantly and comes up on my Alexa app.I ask it to speak as pikachu, It's so cute because it's actually pikachu speaking!! My favourite feature.Its also connected to my hive so I can control the thermostat with Alexa. I also have smart plugs connected and it turns on and off using my voice. WHATS NOT TO LOVE


  I have an Echo plus in the living room and wanted the dot for the bedroom and was surprised on the great sound quality of the dot. It does everything the Echo plus does and they can be paired. It's great getting comfortable in bed and then give the instruction to turn off the light. Being able to set a timer to play music and turn on the lights gradually to wake you up is much better than a startling bleeping alarm. Alexa tells me some great jokes, sings songs and reads my books to me and when I'm bored I can play Tenable or other quizzes. It's linked to my amazon music as well as Tuned in so I'm never short of music to listen to. The weather forecasts and travel information are invaluable. Wonderful devices!


  I received this as a Christmas present so still exploring Alexa”s full capability. Setting the Echo Dot was so easy using the app.I had previously set one up using just a computer for for a lady Where I work who has learning disabilities who can’t use any form of technology. This was a little bit long winded but still easy to do.We’ve had some fun asking it to things like do a Christmas rap, asking Alexa silly questions, play music. Now starting to use some of the more practical features like shopping lists, setting reminders, doing a timer for cooking.Would I recommend the Echo Dot then yes I definitely would for the practical and fun elements.


  I purchased this on Prime day on a whim because it was half price almost. Glad I did because I use it everyday for different hands-free tasks when I'm just out and about the house.The app was very simple to download and registration of the Echo to my account was painless. I mostly play songs through it though I don't have an Amazon music or Spotify subscription so I am limited to certain  things but it mostly has what I like so that's a non-issue really.I enjoy playing rain sounds through a third party app made for Alexa on a night to help me sleep as well controlling my room and other areas of the house through it.All in all, a good device and a bargain at £24. Would definitely recommend.


  I already have the 2nd generation Dot in my kitchen. I bought the 3rd generation to replace it, using an outlet wall mount. Unfortunately, the wall mount was too long for the height of my socket/worktop, so my new Dot and wall mount had to go into a bedroom.Firstly, the 3rd generation is a solid piece of equipment. Much more so than the 2nd generation. The sound is more “mellow” and softer, but also more powerful, even in the socket wall mount. The additional microphones help with instructions, which haven’t required repeating.Only problem I had initially, was connecting to WiFi and setting up multi room connections on the app. This seems to have been rectified since moving a filing cabinet further away from the socket. Fingers crossed.I would heartily recommend this device, especially at the current sale price. It is a big step up in quality from the 2nd generation.


  A very intuitive piece of kit to add to our kitchen. Finally we can listen to the radio but that’s just the beginning.My husband can now put things in the shopping list as he uses them up instead of forgetting to tell me they’ve run out. The kids love asking Alexa for a joke or two and have been using her to check spellings on a story they’re writing.I can make playlists, listen to a good book or get a recipe read out whilst I’m cooking.With all the hub bub in the kitchen sometimes she’s not as sharp as she could be, however even the best of us struggle to hear over a small child’s incessant chatter, questions and whining.This model is small, neutral and can be hidden or on display. Four buttons for when you’re close by or can’t be heard, and the alarm function certainly helps get us out of the door for school on time.


  I love this Alexa. It is fantastic, I can play music, ask questions and get news and weather updates, mine came with an American accent but was so easy to change over to English and can be changed easily to other accents as well. Every morning I say "Good morning Alexa" and she tells me a fact if the day. also love her song with ed Shereen if you ask her to sing a duet with ed Shereen you will hear ut. Not sure if it would work on all models of this Alexa but it does on mine. I have an uncle who is married to an norwegain lady and when they came over recently it was great for some translations. You can also add shopping lists reminders alarms and timers. I love this and would not be without it. perfect for me.


  Brought a few of these at Christmas to extend Alexa around the house.  Didn't expect much sound wise but was pleasantly surprised how good they sound for their size.  So we now have a house wide intercom, music in most rooms, and a growing smart home collection.I have one next to my bed.  In the middle of the night you can whisper "alexa" , and the LED light gives you a gentle night light for just long enough to avoid tripping over the dog when you use the loo.  All without waking either the dog or the wife.  Previously standing on the dog causes quite a lot of noise which ironically ended up in the silent treatment.  Noise is a strange thing.Cracking little device.


  Having wanted a dot for a while, I bought in the prime day sale and have loved the decision ever since.For a small device the sound quality is fantastic and far exceeded my expectations( I am a sound engineer so am always critical of any sound device)I use it mostly in the kitchen when cooking or when entertaining quests.The accompanying app is brilliant, the announcement feature is a particular favourite of mine and has been super useful when arriving late home from work.Having procrastinated for a while on purchasing one, I am glad I took the plunge and have loved it ever since.I would highly recommend it even more so when it's on offer, although even a its full price is well worth it.


  Loved my first Echo Dot so much I bought a second, so I have one downstairs and one upstairs. I use it for many things, the one upstairs controls the lights in addition to "reading" to me, playing music, radio, news and weather updates etc. Downstairs gets used for all the above plus timer for cooking - invaluable when cooking several parts of a meal that all require different timings. Also great for micorwave timing as our cheap little popty only has a very quiet & short ping which can easily be missed if you're not actually in the kitchen at the time.


  My Son brought this for my wife and I, we were very sceptical as we think of it as Big Brother listening in. My Son said Yes it probably can but what possible interest would the government or CIA have in a couple of old retired pensioners  living in a sleepy village, Thanks Son but point taken. We are slowly starting to use it for things like listening to old forgotten tunes, remembering our shopping list, getting the forecast wrong the same as all the other reports, not much else at the moment but I do think it’s the future (Sadly). Already we know of people who can pretty much sit in a chair all day and have this contraption live their life for them provided you have the associated appliances that are compatible. The next 10 years should be very interesting.


  Delighted with my Echo Dot. Set-up reasonably easy and I am becoming familiar with using it. I have taken up Amazon Music with the reduced price option. My only regret is that I don't seem able to connect up wifi-wise with music that I have downloaded from iTunes years ago and have saved on my laptop hard drive. I was in touch with Amazon helpline but had difficulty in getting an answer to my particular problem. I saw a message that suggested that the ability to do what I was attempting may have been withdrawn. Advice would be welcome!Later:  I managed to connect up with my old iTunes music successfully using 'My Media for Alexa' download.Later still:  I was so pleased with my original Echo Dot that I after Christmas bought a second one for the bedroom !


  Well as the title says I don't know what my life was before she came into my life.There I was, I think I was happy living all alone, then Alexa arrived and now my life just seems so much more enriched.So OK I "may" be exaggerating (he says, having just asked her to confirm the spelling of exaggerating !). But honestly, I can see me relying on her more and more.So far I've only integrated her to one plug socket, she turns my kettle on from the front room (or via the Alexa app when I'm on my way home). As soon as I acquire more smart plugs I'll activate more of her skills.Talking of skills, for fun I've enabled a few features such as "Red Alert" "Fire Photon Torpedoes" "Play Cat Noises" (for my neighbours cat).That's just some of the fun stuff. (Endless skill's just ask what she can do)I can now get the latest weather, local news and events, basically anything I used to have to pick my phone up and Google.My Spotify account is now playable through the speaker and colour me impressed ! (Default is Amazon but it's easy to change)Considering this is just the Echo Dot the sound quality is very good, I used to manually hard wire my phone to the Aux stereo input, don't do that anymore.Anyway, think I've bigged this up enough for now.I will just add that I'm not some lonely old hermit who had no tech before. But I'm genuinely impressed with the ease of set-up, connecting to Wi-Fi etc and overall quality of the unit."Alexa, kettle on"


  So much better than the previous gen Echo Dot.Bought this one when on offer and it is definitely worth upgrading to. Nobody should be using an echo dot for music consumption, however this version makes it a viable option for a kitchen or bedroom radio etc. Sound is so much clearer with something that actually resembles Bass compared to the previous model. My only two criticisms of this unit over the previous model is that I feel ‘Alexa’ isn’t as sensitive as before. This could be due to the reduction of the number of microphones installed on the unit compared to the previous model. Also, I’m not entirely sure what prompted Amazon to stop using a Micro USB cable for power, instead opting to use a proprietary cable. Where I could previously run the last one over a USB Power Hub, this needs its own socket at the wall.


  I was really excited when I first got this and asked a lot of stupid questions but I soon got bored after a few days... Saying that, I'm really happy with it. I know that there is A WHOLE LOT that Alexa can do that I can't really be bothered figuring out just now. The thing I love most is just being able to ask Alexa to play ANY song that jumps into my head at ANY time (thanks to my free trial period of Amazon music)... I absolutely love that I can listen to Crazy frog during the t.v. ad breaks.  The only thing that I can complain about up to now is that Alexa sometimes has trouble understanding me... I am from Aberdeen and have a very bad lisp so have to talk very slowly... And asking Alexa to play any 5 seconds of summer songs is a no-no for me as my lisp makes it sound so different... Anyway, I have MANY things to learn about Alexa over time and even though I got bored quickly, i know she will have a very happy home with me for years to come


  I now have five of these  in different rooms around the house  controlling  all the lights in different rooms.The beauty of these is that now in the third generation The setup of these is so simple it more or less does it itself,  There has been a few occasions when the power in our house and our street I’ve lost power completely when the power comes back on  Alexa seem to set themselves up automatically and start working again I will definitely be adding more in the future has anybody tried the whispering mode As I whispered to Alexa to check the heating in Room she came back to me and said why are you whispering if you want to I can go into Whispering mode the reason I did this was I didn’t want To disturb the wife as she was sleeping.


  Initially I was a little sceptical about purchasing this item, however, my daughter had asked for one for Christmas and so I purchased the echo dot on Black Friday at just under half the retail price. She was delighted with her stocking filler and on Christmas Day she set it up.  The process was simple and within minutes she had music playing. I was impressed with the sound quality from such a small device and also the overall capabilities of the product, so much so that I have since purchased another 2, one for my grandson and one for me. I also have friends who have since purchased the dot and we use the “drop in” facility regularly. Overall, I would recommend this item.


  I've only ever bought an Echo Dot when they're on sale, or through an offer. However, considering the applications of the device, I would probably still buy one full-price if ever I wanted another.The sound quality of the speaker is strong, though is a little poor on the lower frequencies. The voice recognition is second-to-none, and it is very rare that Alexa cannot understand or process what I have asked, even if it is quiet or rushed. Setting up the device took seconds, and I now use it more than any other speaker or smart device in the house.The extra features - such as setting reminders, alarms and timers - means you can carry on with whatever activity you're doing without having to take a phone out of your pocket or fiddle with any device in the kitchen. The Echo Dot adds a level of convenience to home living that I didn't realise could be achieved.


  After alot of deliberating as to whether or not to take the plunge into the world of 'Alexa' I finally decided to take the plunge during the Black Friday sales when Amazon were offering the all new Echo Dot at half price.I wanted a little Bluetooth speaker for the kitchen and at that price I thought why not, even if I don't speak to the thing it'll play the tunes off my phone.On the day it arrived I set it up in the living room and began to test it out. The first thing that struck me was the weighty and quality feel of the Dot. After downloading the Alexa App to my phone I was asking Alexa to play various songs from my music library, and in between tunes I was having great fun asking questions about whatever popped onto my head.I have to say I was very impressed with the whole experience. Not only is the sound quality very good but the interaction too. I've decided to buy more units and will be placing them around the house where I think they will  one in useful.


  I use it for music, it’s very good, a lot better than the first gen one I upgraded from.UPDATE**After buying this I went on to buy an echo show. I wanted to use multiroom but for some reason couldn't set it up between the dot and the show.So I gave the dot to my sister who loves it!However I recently moved into my own house with my girlfriend and wanted a cheap way to have multiroom so I bought 2 more of these dots to see if I could do it. I COULD! Now music blares all through the house, upstairs and down and my original problem is no longer there. My 1xShow and 2x Dot setup is more than enough but I still may buy another. Couldn't recommend enough!


  This is our fourth Echo Dot. We love them so much it made sense to have another for the study in addition to the bedroom, conservatory and kitchen. Before trying one I thought that I would tire of the novelty but no. These aren't gimmicky at all. Team them up with Audible and Amazon Music and you have something to read you to sleep, wake you up in the morning with a plain alarm, music or news headlines, remind you of your chores and things that need to be done, play music in the background while you work, tell you what the weather will be like, set timers while you're cooking, update the shopping list as you run out of stuff (who can ever find a pen that works AND paper when you're working in the kitchen?).And all hands free. It makes the TV feel like 20th century tech when you are hunting for the remote.Voice recognition is amazing out of the box. One small thing is that it seems to be more accurate with male rather than female voices but that might just be us.Sound quality is surprisingly good for such a small device. We only really use it for audio-books, podcasts and background music and it's more than adequate for that. I suppose if you want proper Hi-Fi then you could pair it with bluetooth headphones or send the output through an amplifier and serious speakers - both of which are easily done.This will be just the start of the journey. We've already linked Alexa to our thermostat so can control heating without an app. Power outlets was next so we can control table lamps and device chargers. I think we'll be controlling the lights with Alexa soon.


  Being a lover of tech I had to have one of these “just to try it out” a year on we now have a dot or a echo in every room of the house. As for the voice recognition, works 90% of the time (I have a strong Scottish accent) but with the new feature to get Alexa to learn your voice, after following that she hasn’t gave me the old “I don’t understand” chat once lol. I love the multi room music, the sound you get off of something so small is fantastic. The trouble is now everything has to be Alexa integration, so I’ve bought expensive thermostats, WiFi plugs all around the house, WiFi bulbs in the rooms, tv remotes that have Alexa integration and now running my cctv system.. it never seems to end! But it’s all good!


  I had a little trouble connecting my Audible account to begin with but then it started working the next day, so if this happens just persevere as is seem to work it's self out.  I did the usual 'old person' routine of shouting very loudly at it at first until my son pointed out that it could hear me! :D .  I bought this when it was on offer with prime music.  I won't be carrying on with the music and tbh I thought I'd made a mistake buying it but it's growing on me.  I've been listening to the radio with it and my audio books from audible.


  Only had my Dot for three days and wonder how I went so long without it! So far it’s fantastic, syncing easily with my contacts and calendar. I also love that it reads my kindle books to me!The only criticism I would have is that it doesn’t tell you it’ll take a little while to settle completely. After quite a few failed attempts to connect to my WiFi, I gave up and left it plugged in. When I tried again three hours later it had connected itself in the meantime! So if yours doesn’t connect, don’t give up immediately.Every home should have an Echo Dot, I’m already trying to convert my friends 


  I don't really know why I decided to buy this device, I wasn't really sure if it would be one of those things that I would buy, try for a day and then let it gather dust for the next 3 years but it has actually proven to be a really useful addition to our household!I like the remind me feature, and the fact that I can 'announce' something and it will announce it throughout the house (we bought my daughter the Alexa Show(?) So things like 'announce dinner is ready' has been quite handy!I use the app to announce I'm leaving work so that hubby and daughter know - to be honest, most of the features I would say are a massive novelty and not really needed but I quite like it.It's good when you can ask for it to play specific radio stations/songs and turn the volume up or down without pressing anything.I am used to using Google assistant (I have a google phone) and in my opinion, Alexa isn't as good as the Google AI.Some questions are met with something to the effect of "I'm sorry I don't have an answer for that" (can't remember the exact words. I had asked how long to reheat something for)Our device sometimes randomly speaks asthough you have said something to it, when you haven't said anything at all - doesn't happen too frequently though.The only other thing i would say is that if you have ordered something on Amazon for someone else that lives in your house for a prezzie, you have to be a little cautious as when the order is out for delivery the device lights up orange and you ask it to read out your notifications, it will tell you the exact item that's out for delivery so could be a spoiler - there may be a way to switch this feature off but I am not sure as haven't looked into it!All in all, for the £22 I paid, I am quite happy with it, and has proven to be (a rather unnecessary) but useful addition!


  Difficult to write a review about the Echo Dot without sounding like an advert!Having had it for 9 days I am beginning to wonder how we ever did without it. From coming down in the morning and getting the latest news as a 'Daily Briefing' (the forecast helpfully translated into Fahrenheit!) I can get a wide variety of music via my Prime account, answers to random questions and live radio - all by voice commands.We then got some Smart wi-fi LED bulbs which Alexa soon discovered and now controls and with simple commands can not only turn on but dim and change colour!The thing that really impressed me was when I miss-named the lights as 'The Sitting-Room Lights' instead of 'The Living-Room Lights' Alexa actually asked if I really meant the correct one! Much more impressive than 'Command Not Understood'.All in all a most impressive device that ultimately can control many different items all around the house and truly is the Intelligent Home Assistant!


  I had fancied getting a smart speaker for a while, but as everything we have at home is Apple, I heard the Apple products weren’t the best for what they cost, and knew Amazon products weren’t very Apple friendly. Then, a lad at work mentioned Echo was now compatible with Apple Music (which I prefer over Spotify, again, as everything is Apple, so it’s just a lot easier to use with what I have). I then saw the Dot was on offer for £29.99, so thought for £30 I’d have a dabble. I’m honestly amazed. Still don’t know half of what it does and I’m impressed with what I know so far. Sound in the living room considering it’s size is more than enough, playing both music and news etc. My 6 year old has a lot of fun with the games on it, I ask for the news and weather while I’m getting ready for work, and the wife likes listening to her audiobooks on it. All in all, I can honestly recommend one.


  Really enjoying my echo dot at this point. It has very good speech recognition algorithm, was expecting more often my voice commands won't be recognise, or may need to be repeated, but really not the case. I was pretty amaze how it can process voice signature across 5x6m room with ambient noise. Audio is not bad, I normally use it for my playlist and it just sound ok, with enough bass and clarity to make listening experience very good. Setup was also a breeze and everything was automatically tied up to your Amazon account. There are tons of skills that can be use to automate your home or online subscription. All in all this is well recommended product.


  I was always sceptical of product like this, but it was on sale and thought why not try it, and I really glad I did.Finding more and more things I can do with it each day, being able to controller smart features in your house is amazingIt can even link up to you Xbox and you can voice control thatMy family loves it for the music also, and you don’t need a paid subscription for, you can link all the main ones up to itThe speaker sound is loud and clear, sounds very good, and the voice recognition is so much better than Siri, Alexa is overall the most superior product in its fieldWell worth a shot if you on the fence with it


  Echo Dot (3rd Gen) is amazing, you can ask Alexa anything and will get an answer from her direct or from the web.  For a small device the sound is really good. Once you have downloaded Alexa app and plugged your device in, setup is straight forward, as long as you stand 3 metres away from the device. Sound of music is brilliant, never changed anything.  Alexa gets used to how you say things, may get it wrong sometimes but it's part of the learning process.  Magic that she can track your amazon order straight away. Technology is brilliant.


  Although I have Alexa on my Kindle i never used it but then i got the the echo dot and a whole new world opened up to me! First i use it for music, i can ask it to play almost anything, as an old man some of my choices are too ancient, or i can ask just for a genre of music, the sound quality is exceptional and turned own low can be on for the whole day, it is wonderful!! My wife usesthe echo to set reminders for taking thigs out of the oven and i set reminders for when to turn off whatever i'm charging at the time. We both hae asked questions such as who sang something or appeared in what film and also i have done just one quiz, and made one phone call all the way to the opposite end of the country, the uses are many and already i would be lost without my echo dot!!!


  I was really hesitant to get one of these after reading stories about her waking up people during the night with maniacal laughter for no reason and scaring them half to death in the proccess. But, i've had Alexa for a while now with no problems whatsoever. It's just a matter of setting her up properly. The sound quality has improved immensely since the first models were rolled out. Good punchy bass and crisp treble which can be altered to personal taste in the Alexa app. Just ask her what the weather is like, and she will tell you in detail without droning on like some bint on tv in front of a map. And she's been pretty accurate so far. She will play music from old to new via the Amazon radio but if you want anything specific played your best off signing up tp Amazon music if your not already. Although Alexa can control heating and electric if you have smart meters installed but I don't so I can't comment on that. All in all I'm glad I got one as she's reminded me about things someone like me always forgets.


  Bought two of these and both worked like a dream right out the box, Voice commands are responsive and sound quality is incredible for such a small unit.  The Audio playback via Spotify is perfect. I can’t believe how loud the echo dot 3 can go without noticeable distortion, definitely an improvement over older models. Looks pretty good as well and size wise is discreet enough to sit on almost any flat surface around the house.  Got the Echoes linked up to a number of smart bulbs and use Alexa to operate them via voice control. Great for getting voice controlled information from the web. Very pleased with purchase and highly recommended.


  I have the bigger Echo in my room and I bought this for the kitchen... Echo devices can be annoying at first setup and I recommend you read the Amazon utility/application instructions on line to avoid annoyance also youtube...once set up Echo is fun and helpful. This one was on offer at half price so it wasn't a difficult decision get it. This one has four far field mics to pick up your voice opposed to the second generations one mic... It is rounder and softer in appearance the previous one was harder simple looking.I enjoy my music and its not failed to find the music I've asked for even some obscure requests. You can load it with different skills of you choice and would be useful for the kids learning. You can get quiz type skills or music/stories for kids. You will need a subscription to Amazon for this to work to good effect so give that a look before you buy one.Worth it if you like gadgets that talk to you.


  The quality of this for the money is outstanding which you can probably see from the rest of the reviews.So I'll point out the problem I found with it, If you connect it your PC and want to watch say YouTube or Netflix or even Amazon, if you then pause the video with your mouse or keyboard, 10 seconds later it will amazingly start playing again without you pressing anything. However if you say 'Alexa... Pause', no problems it will stay paused. This seems to only be a problem with the new 3rd generation models. don't have this problem with my 2nd generation echo.Next it seems that it doesn't have an auxiliary in, so you can't simply plug it into your speaker jack point and get it to play through a cable.That been said if your not planning on using it for this, its really nice and I was very surprised with how small and cute it is. Absolutely would buy another if I'm wanting a bluetooth speaker in a room, for the money you just can't get better quality.


  Voice activation is great, though seems to prefer male voices. My wife has a much higher pitch than I and sometimes Alexa struggles with recognition.We’re still working through all the functions but considering we bought five Echo Dots and an Alexa Echo you can take it as read that we’re very happy with the product and the other Alexa compatible devices.The sound is very good for such a small device but being a bit of a Hifi nut I’ve used a 3.5mm to twin phono plugs to play though full sized stereos which results in brilliant sound, all through the house, at a volume that doesn’t annoy the neighbours! It’s possible to synchronise all the Dots to play as one group so there’s no loss of sound or jumps between rooms or floors.


  This 1 is for my kids, as I use mine for when I'm gardening (saves taking my gloves off to change the station/ track.They enjoy the interactive story "The magic door", hopefully there'll be more stories like this available soon.I don't have it connected to my phone contacts, as 1 wrong sentence in earshot of alexis could result in your echo dialling people that you're actually talking about.When it's not in use, it gets turned off by the mains too, as I dont fully trust A.I.But all in all it makes for a brilliant hands free digital radio, with good sound quality and the gen 3 dot is more than loud enough.I got mine through a promo, but I don't see it as being worth £50, £30 would be a more appropriate price.


  So happy we got one! Now BF can ask Alexa all those stupid questions like 'what time is it' and 'what date is it next friday' and 'how do you spell 'imbecile' instead of asking me!He originally was dead set against one, but now it's the "purchase of the century". We are getting one for the bedroom along with a Alexa bulb this Christmas.She keeps track of our shopping list, sets reminders and alerts, she's our oven timer, she keeps my cat distracted and lets us know what the weather forecast is, the news and the traffic to work.Honestly in love.


  My eldest son has Down's Syndrome, and whilst his speech has come on leaps and bounds in recent years, he just couldn't get our Google Home devices to recognise his voice. This was a source of much frustration as you can imagine. On a whim, I decided to try an Alexa instead and amazingly, it works perfectly for him. The freedom this gives him to choose his own music, check the news and generally engage with Alexa has been a joy to see.If I have one criticism though, it's simply that the sound quality isn't quite as good as the Google devices. It's by no means bad, and once I worked out you can change the EQ in the app it made it much better (or simply ask Alexa to 'turn down the bass').Now I just have the dilemma of whether to replace my other Google devices too :)


  I have wanted one of these devices ever since I used one at my relatives' house. When I saw it in the sale for £30 I thought it was too good not to buy. Incredible value for money. The sound quality and bass levels are so good considering how tiny this speaker is. I was impressed by the volume too which has been more than loud enough for us having friends over. The smart features are just a side-benefit to me which can occasionally be useful but for such a small, attractive and powerful device, £30 was an absolute steal. Oh, and the wife loves it!


  Came as a free gift with my Hive system, thought of it as a gimmick, but once I started using it it has become very useful and coupled with the app on my smartphone rivals Google and understands my voice better. In addition, I am able to control my heating and lighting. If I had been asked I would not have bothered but having used it I would probably have bought it and I continue to use and extend it. Set up is simple and the range of options is great even companies products outside the norm, e,g coloured light changes by a small firm's bulbs. Have enjoyed it so much bought a second and third. to cover the whole house and now one for my holiday chalet too!. Found loads of other uses too, surprised myself and others in the house. Keep on finding more uses for it in ways I wouldn't have thought. Two or three friends are now owners too and share similar sentiments.


  we have four alexa dots in the house and we generally have no issues with them. Unless your playing music loud and then alexa cant hear you all the time. Of the 4 dots we have 3 Gen 2 and 1 Gen 3 , I like the new design it looks far more stylish than the old gen 2's , when playing music the depth of sound is fantastic. the old gen 2's were ok but the new gen 3's are so much better. But the is one down point, the old Gen 2's are powered by USB so if you have plug sockets with USB power sockets  your on a winner or if you power your alexa via the USB port on a TV ( I do all the above). The new Gen 3's need a 3 pin plug adapter (supplied ) which is a disappointment ( but I suppose you cant have everything). Overall a worthwhile upgrade and if you listen to music , you shouldn't be disappointed


  We have enjoyed finding out just what we can ask her to do and just how far she is prepared to accommodate us...It's been very entertaining and informative. She has also saved a couple of pizzas from complete cremation by reminding me to take them out of the oven when I had completely forgotten that they were in there...Unfortunately, I left my teenage grandson alone with her over the New Year; it's certainly livened up the evenings when I am suddenly reminded that I ..."need to take my frog for a shave.".I am certain that there are other features I am yet to discover but as of now, I am impressed.


  This was bought for me as a present from my kids for Christmas and I must admit I was very anti these gadgets to start with and really didn’t want it, and didn’t even take it our the box for a week, But my wife said I should give it a go after all it was a present. I have to say this little four-inch gadget is absolutely amazing, the voice recognition is incredible, the set up is simple, it looks really neat, it gives me all the radio stations I want, it links to my Apple Music, it controls my Hive central eating, overall we think its brilliant. We have even done away with our bedside alarm clock because this simply replaces it.


  finally decided to go for a little bit of ‘Skynet ‘ in the house. Really pleased as a fabulous bit of kit. Sound is amazing but you really do need to get two of them and pair them together in the same room to get Stereo sound. It’s also a must to be a prime member to take advantage of all the free music that’s available. Not sure if I would pay the full inflated price, but deals on special days or Black Friday are worth looking out for. It’s also impossible to set up without the Alexa app-it’s free so be prepared to get this working first and then the set up is a doddle.There seams to be new things happening with Alexa all the time, but regular emails from amazon will help you to stay ahead of the game. Enjoy.


  I got this as a little gift for the new house. I wanted something small in the kitchen to play music on and this is perfect. Great sound quality and can go very loud in the kitchen volume 4 is enough. Love getting emails with things to try with Alexa and some are very amusing. Great voice recognition as well even understands my 3 year old which is fab but can get annoying when all he wants to listen to is Blippi songs.  The only thing that miffed me was the delivery in the fact the person who delivered it threw it over the fence into the back garden even though my nan who lives opposite me asked him to leave it with her as she is also my secondary "safe place" luckily only the outer box was damaged, also  the week after I brought this the price went down by £20 very annoyed but oh well. I still love my little Dot.


  I had been thinking about purchasing an Echo device to try out this relatively new voice-controlled technology for some time, and so when the Echo Dot was offered at a reduced price I simply could not resist.  I was a little dubious as to how useful such a device would be in the home, but have ended up being incredibly impressed by this new audio technology. The Echo Dot although small turned out to be a great choice and size for use in the bedroom. With excellent voice recognition and incredible sound quality, the Echo Dot has got to be one of the best purchases that I have ever made. With its ability to play virtually any Radio Station, or music genre together with its Alarm capability, the Echo Dot has now replaced my original bedside clock radio, but offers much, much more, like various Sleep Sounds, weather reports, diary reminders etc. I intend to purchase more Echo Dot's for use in other rooms within the house in the future and therefore I fully recommend the Echo Dot to anyone, especially if it's available at a reduced price.


  I have been wobbling for a few months, unsure about being further assimilated into Amazon's infrastructure, and I wasn't sure about how useful Alexa really is, and of course ultimately (I think, anyway) it's all about gathering data with a view to selling you things. But I finally gave in when the new Dots were half price. I have to say that after a month or so I'm impressed, more so as I learn what you can do and how to do it. Even 'Mrs. Technophobe' seems to have adopted Alexa... and she is quite happy with the neat appearance. So far I've set up a couple of Smart Switches, which was a doddle, and I'm looking into what else would be useful - like Hue lights when the price becomes more sensible; controlling a Raspberry Pi maybe, which opens up all sorts of possibilities. The whole Alexa thing is evolving rapidly, I wish I could see ahead a couple of years ! Updates to follow in due course.


  This purchase is for a household where complex disabilities affect quality of life. Alexa has already made a world of difference  No more needing to type in a music search- just ask for it. no need to remember or write down appointments. these tasks are for a person with dyslexia and memory problems. Allowing them more independence and integration. I love the reminder facility it means i can set up numerous reminders for different cooking times.  We have yet to link household appliances so can not rate that. The voice recognition is a little inconsistent. What you get on the 1st time of asking may not be what you get when you next ask. We are learning to be specific in our requests. We love this gadget


  Brought 2 for my kids rooms.....Powerful little things. Initially brought for the announcement and drop in so I don’t sound like a fish wife screaming ‘dinners ready’They use them for music, spellings times tables, sleep sounds, and youngest really enjoys the fart skill!! More importantly alarm clocks and remindersWe have the echo in the living room and was easy to set them all up, work perfect with each other.Upgraded amazon music to family so everyone can listen to their own awful taste in music.


  Really great product. I didn’t realise how good they actually are till I ordered one for my son, and will now probably buy myself one.So much content and great for both kids and adults. Using it with the lightbulbs is such a clever idea.It was so easy to set up, and my kids have had many hours getting Alexa to beat box, make announcements and telling them jokes. My toddler has even had a go at asking Alexa to play her nursery rhymes lol.My son has linked it to his phone and finds that really easily to use also.Great product that will definitely get used a lot.


  We’ve always used speakers at home. We were using a few speakers of varying sizes but all from a big brand, that cost us a lot more than this dot did. In fact we wanted to leave it a few weeks to compare as we genuinely thought there would be no comparison.Well there is and let say our  big brand (5 letter spelling) speakers have been rebooted and sold on and we will be replacing them with a few dots and one larger speaker from amazon for the main living space.The Alexa capability is excellent and the sound, as long as it’s not too high is very capable. If like us music is ambience then these are perfect.


  I bought one for the living room,  it sits on a bookcase shelf and I have found I'm using it more than i expected to.The speakers are extremely good quality with a full range , the microphone hears across a large distance , but can be turned  off.It can be used for music playback, timers for cooking , home automation and can be programmed for many other things when linked with the phone app.I have linked a couple  of lights to Alexa and it is nice when i get home late to be able to just say " Alexa, night mode" and have the lights come on and jazz  .This not something i thought I would buy, but i would recomend it to anyone who wants to dip their toes into the World of voice activated homes , without spending a huge sum.


  Having owned a larger Alexa for some time, I felt I needed a second device to deliver music, the news and as a replacement alarm for my bedroom. I opted for the smaller Echo Dot which I have found to be excellent in every way particularly as I have recently found a whole host of functions that is can perform that I was not previously aware of.  The Echo is sturdily built, is neat, occupies very little space and has already become an excellent addition to my bedroom. It also comes at a very good price. My only complaint is that I feel the mains lead could be a little longer as I am limited on wall sockets.


  My son got one first for his bedroom and then I got one and we linked them. My daughter loved going past my sons bedroom shouting alexa sing me a song or alexa turn off the tv just to bug my son during his gaming. But I have now bought my daughter one for Christmas for her bedroom and my son can now get his revenge .We are still learning what else we can do but loving having her in the house. I’d love to change mine to a man voice though like my Siri.Just one little thing we haven’t figured how to stop yet is when my daughter talks to hers or plays music on hers sometimes it also reacts on mine but not my sons.


  To say I am not too good with modern technology this was a doddle to set up.After seeing the adds on T.V I thought it would help my Husband with memory problems. It is brilliant (when he can remember her name ). I can put reminders in to prompt him to take meds. Make a drink etc.Have subscribed to Amazon music. Now he can listen to oldies. Instead of having t.v on for hours on end. The tone from the speaker is of good quality. It is of a decent weight, so it doesn't get knocked off.I wish we had bought one sooner. I have bought one for my son for Christmas during the double pack offer.Would highly recommend.  The best gadget I gave bought!


  OK, it's not hifi, but it's sound is clear, can go very loud and is nicely designed. Solid build. A great product. Ideal to take along when travelling.It's still got all the ups and downs of Alexa... but with the system updates it is slowly getting better.I must like it as it's my third Echo - this Dot and 2 Echoes 2nd gen - or I'm just a sucker for punishment...I've now got the version with the clock display to use as a clock radio. It's really clever how the display dims or brightens with the ambient light, showing the volume, temperature (if asked) and the remaining time of a timer.I have only two negative points - a physical one, I would have preferred the charcoal colour, and a software one, I have selected the 24 hour display, but Alexa keeps using am and pm. This annoys me.


  I was given this as a Christmas gift to go along with my Echo. I have paired them up and have my echo is my main living room and the dot in my bedroom. I love both! The dot is great in the bedroom and is used for everything from music to news to a lullaby to get my baby to sleep and as a family we love the music quiz games you can enable through the app. It was incredibly easy and simple to set up and pair with my echo and the sound quality is great. There’s is a difference between the dot and the echo in sound however not a lot and if I didn’t have my Echo I would have been more than happy to have had a dot instead in the living room. It is worth the money especially when it’s on offer! The only problem I have now is I want another in my kitchen - for obvious cooking and singing sessions plus there’s all sorts of programs you can enable including cooking and recipe ones. It’s great for the adults and the kids and we truly enjoy ours.


  Just when you thought you had everything you go and buy one of these. I was lucky to get 2 of these for £25 each over the Christmas 2019 period, I could only order 1 on Amazon and then had to order the 2nd at another retailer. They both work together amazing, you can "Drop In" from one to the other and talk like an intercom or "Synchronize" your music all around the home just by asking it to play something "Everywhere", Once it learns your voice you dont have to go all robot on it just talk as you would normally, it can pick my voice up in other rooms close by its quite sensitive. Since buying the 2 I have started buying smart sockets, the possibilities are endless.


  This small compact device delivers a really good quality sound. Plenty of volume and a wide frequency range producing a well balanced sound from good strong bass through mid range to crisp clear trebles. The inbuilt microphones are very sensitive and unless the speaker is on max always picks up on commands. Tried testing this out by putting the echo dot behind thick lined curtains on the window board In the kitchen then giving commands in a normal volume voice and it worked !! This unit has replaced a bulky stereo system in the kitchen freeing up valuable work surface space much to my wife’s pleasure. Although this is not the stereo option it does appear to have, in my opinion, a 360 degree sound production. All in all great product that does everything I need it to do. Happy customer!!


  LOVE the Echo products.  I recently changed from the 2nd gen to this 3rd gen and very impressed with the improvement to sound quality when listening to music or the radio.  In fact its now fine to listen to music without the need for a Bluetooth speaker attached.  Yes, obviously a Bluetooth speaker is better but it's perfectly adequate without it, whereas the 2nd gen one wasn't.Also very easy to set up and integrate with my Echo and other Dots.  It is substantially bigger and heavier than it's predecessor but that doesn't bother me ... in fact it makes it seem better made.  It's also attractive to look at.LOVE it, want one in every room and absolutely would recommend.


  We have a house full of google mini's she was starting to get a little flaky so I picked up our first Alexa devise. Sound quality when listing to music is much better than google Mini. The value of Amazon Music for a single device is so much cheaper than Google Music. Also, there are many times when Google refuses to play something or can't find what you have asked for. Sometimes she will not play a track that she did play a few days earlier. As I said Google Assistant has become more inconsistent (flaky) in recent months. Alexa is doing a better job so far. Now all I have to do is find someone that wants three Google Home Mini's to help fund the Alexa replacements.


  Great for general use such as alarms, music, games etc. I haven’t tried it with smart bulbs but I have seen demonstrations and it seems to work great with that.The speaker is a lot better than I expected. I have Bluetooth speakers linked to my phone and when I was setting up the Alexa (which was easy) I thought sound was coming out of then but it was the Alexa. My family didn’t even think the sound was coming out of the Alexa.I highly recommend picking one up, certainly if it on sale. I would personally spend up to £35 on it. You can generally get it for about £25 on sale.It lacks on some “basic” features such as somewhat advanced maths, yet it was never advertised that it supports it so I’m not very annoyed. It’s not really an issue because it’s possible for it to get updates and if I’m very desperate, I can programme in my own features to be compatible with Wolfram Alpha.I also want to add that you can use it with a Spotify Premium account, you don’t have to use Amazon Music. I just see Amazon Music as a slight scam.When you’ve linked it with Spotify in the app, just say “{song name} by {artist} on Spotify” because it’s not very good at getting the correct artist.Again, I recommend it. Although I have said these faults, the good things about it outweigh them.


  I have not actually used this to its full potential yet, but I love it. Voice recognition is about 95% accurate with only rare times I have had to repeat myself. It was easy to setup, easy to use and considering it is a single mono speaker it has really good sound quality.It integrates well into the Prime music service and find most of the music I look just by voice command. However when it is playing music at high volume Alexa has a hard time getting me, I have to kind of shout at Alexa to hear me. However this is not a deal breaker for me.I am excited to link it with new smart devices when I have the money to invest in them. I am also tempted to buy another one in the near future.


  I love the idea of my Echo Dot, talk to it and it responds perfectly - even better since I changed it's name to Echo as Kindle Fire kept answering....Plays Music nicely & Connects to the Radio Stations I ask for.Having issues getting it to work with my Fire Stick, but that could be because it's a few years old so may be uncompatible.  Seeking help online is a pain in the rear & asking Echo for help refers to the Tablet App which doesn't help much.In time I may venture into compatible light bulbs and other stuff, but that's down the line after I get the basics right....


  I have this attached to my ceiling in my workshop / garage.Hears my voice no problem.I have attached alexa plugs so can turn on suction just by voice.Brilliant for working out calculations without having to get my phone out.Plus hands free if I need to call anyone, there are so many applications that you could find useful for your workshop needs.Mostly I use for music connected to Spotify and the sound quality is great for my needs in the work I'm not having a party lol..I got it on a amazon daily deal so cannot fault it, especially as its saved my phone getting all grubby.


   I already had one echo dot from a friend but got sucked into Amazon’s music unlimited offer for another. However I am happy because I can now use stereo mode.I have one echo dot with the clock display, and this purchase.  The Alexa app lets me combine these 2 dots into a stereo grouping. It’s really really well executed.  Spotify sounds great - and actually the stereo mode seems to mask the shortcomings of the echo dot sound quality.I took this as an opportunity to wipe my smart home devices and start over - adding my hue lights and nest thermostat was a breeze.  My next purchase might well be an Alexa vacuum cleaner. I’m obsessed!For this price (around £8 total with the music unlimited subscription) you really can’t get close. Alexa works far better with more skills and apps than the competition and I will continue to quite happily fill my house with echo products!!


  For the discounted price it is absolutely a bargain, very multifunctional, it even works as Bluetooth speaker with your phone if you don't have Wi-Fi and share hotspot from phone. Only you need to turn hotspot on to tell her to turn her Bluetooth on - so you still need internet but the advantage is to save battery life without constant hotspot. It comes with Prime music (think basic though so limited use through app). I would even buy it as a Bluetooth speaker for the discounted price what you get on weeks like Prime week or cyber week.Also good for English learner to practice pronunciation - thinking to give one as a present for a Spanish friend.Best use so far was to "make announcement" to noisy neighbours  at night to calm them down, when Alexa is recording whatever I said, and then on full volume she plays what she recorded: "I will call the police if you don't be quiet". First I kept asking her what is the time and she reminded them what kind of the late hour it is on full volume before I figured out to make an announcement. Saved me dressing up and going upstairs to argue. Loved it!Also I like to listen podcats, play radio stations and audiobooks- the sound quality is of a good speaker though I am not picky for sound it seems quality, and is good that they resume and sync audiobooks from the place you last listened, even if you open it from Audible app.Would recommend and buy again.


  I really like being able to ask Alexa to change volume or play radio/music without having to get up from my desk or find the remote. Really impressed with how it can detect my voice over background music. It works moderately well with my Bose speakers although I can't get it to stream audio to more than one of them. That's probably a limitation of the Bose 'skill'. I've added a couple of Alexa controlled sockets. One to control the lamp in my living room. Really useful when I need light but have a cat on my lap! It does struggle with some music requests - for example I've not managed to make it play an album but it's good at playing shuffle tracks from an artist. My daughter bought me my first for Father's Day. By Wednesday I'd ordered a second plus an Echo Input to attach to my Bose speaker. I've replaced my radio alarm with the new Dot - much more flexible and easy to use.


  I love everything about this piece of equipment. I was so suppressed at what ir can do, I bought extra sockets to turn my lights on and off brilliant... I bought the game buttons that while away a few hours and was so impressed I bought another two units, I use the Alexa to talk to my grandchildren as they have one in  their room and they call me quite often for a chat they are only 8 and 6 but just ask Alexa to phone Nanny and we are away...saves on long phone calls and facetime especially when I am not looking my best!Once you have one you will wonder what you did without it...


  i absolutly love the echo, the sound is amazing for such a small thing! like the fact you can change the bass etc to your taste aswell. have 3 of these around the house now, and a larger echo is in the main family room.. the sound is amazing, you can link whatever ones up now to all play the same radio station or music, which is very handy, so if im doing all my housework, ill ask alexa to play whatever i choose to my everywhere speaker group, so ill have the music/radio all over the house at once.  i also love the drop in feature, so i’ll call up to the boys room from either the kitchen echo or the alexa app to tell em dinner is ready, or to get up for school lol, the boys aren’t impressed with that feature. i’m forever asking her things and the what’s new emails are handy aswell, to keep you up on things.


  Love it. Speaker looks great in most rooms because it's inconspicuous. Sound quality when playing music is quite good. Voice recognition is good. The app works really well (on Galaxy Note 8) and is a must for getting the most out of your Echo Dot. I use it mostly for helping me get to sleep ("Alexa, play relaxing classical mucic") and the sleep function is great to ensure it turns itself off - just a little warning however, sleep function currently does not work if you're playing something through Spotify but apparently Amazon are working on it. Alarms and broadcasts are a great feature. All round I'd say this is a great little bit of technology and a bit of fun if nothing else.


  Great product and serves my purpose. So impressed that I bought one for my granddaughter.Love the question of the day. Really keeps the grey cells ticking over. Also like the option of getting Alexa to turn things on and off without having to move an inch.Sound not great especially for music.  So if you like your music either upgrade to the next one up or get some blue tooth good quality speakers to go with it.Still learning all the useful things she can do so will do a further review at a later date.VFM at the reduced price of £29.99+ the reduced smart plug which I use for my lamp.Amazon, Hurry up and make this “bad girl” compatible  with my ring doorbell.


  I now have an Echo and two Dots.  Just got the latest version of the DOT which is a major improvement, speaker quality is a million times better and the quality of build and rubber feet make it more attractive and easy to sit amongst day to day items.  I chose the sandy colour which really does blend in well.If I were to be pickie, I would suggest that it would still be beneficial to fit a wall hanging screw slot into the rear so it could be located away from surfaces. In addition the provision of a direct Ethernet connection as an option to wifi, as with the fire stick.I do find that it is annoying as a prime customer that I can’t stream on more than one device if they are connected to the same wifi network.  It isn’t as if I using or others are using it elsewhere.


  I got the Echo Dot to see what it was capable of and was pleased that it met most of my requirements. Namely keeping a list of things I needed to do or to shop for, answering questions instead of having to Google them, provide reminders and the ability to call up  on my iPhone. What I also discovered was that it had some limitations related to Amazon Echo. For example I wanted to print out my list of things to do but that was not possible on the printer that a I use.However I am very pleased with Echo Dot and am not really critical as it is a very useful device. Nevertheless I shall in due course get an Amazon Echo and use the two together.


  We use this to allow my husband to control devices in the bedroom when he is unable to get out of bed. It also allows him to communicate with the echo hub in the living room and let his carer know when he needs attention. It also allows him access to music and video via the Fire Stick. We are hoping to expand the system to enable central heating control and door answering/monitoring.Central Heating control is now in and very useful. We can turn on the heating when we're out so that the house is warm when we get back. We now have a dot in the garage and in the kitchen so that help can be called for from anywhere in the property - next will be one for the garden!


  Easy set up and easy to use, connected to my iPhone and Spotify without any issues. I love it and think it’s great, just be careful because if the kids ask for some music or a story I’ve found myself signed up to Amazon music or audio. It’s been easy to cancel/stop but just something to keep an eye out for. Also if u ask for recent notifications Alexa will tell u what ur latests purchases made have been, I had to shout a swift stop when I realised she was going to say some presents that had been ordered and my 5 year old was in the room. :-/


  If I'm honest, I really bought her because I work from home and I'm also quite lazy, so I bought her with a set of plugs that she can turn on and off, so I could turn the kettle on without getting up from my desk. Which she does, perfectly, and was no hassle linking her to the plugs either (as I got one of the cheaper brands rather than the official amazon recommended plugs) She also lets me set her to remind me to drink said brew after 20 minutes when I inevitably forget I've made it and it starts to go cold.Another reason I bought her is because I'm quite sick of my 6year old son constantly asking me to google things (he's into wildlife, dinosaurs etc) whilst I'm working so now he is able to just ask her, 'Alexa, how much does a Komodo dragon weigh' and whatever weird stuff kids find fascinating, and she's great at getting all the answers, explaining them clearly, and generally gives even more information than he originally asked for.She does annoy me sometimes because I feel like she gangs up on me with him. The other night he asked for a yoghurt and I had to tell him to wait a minute as I was emptying the bath of all his toys and I heard him say, 'Alexa, remind my mum to get me a yoghurt in a minute' and I heard her say OK, and a minute later she's ringing a bell and shouting to go and get a yoghurt. I wish she had a bit more 'mum code' integrated into her system.The skills you can make and set are good, we argue all the time over who chooses what film to watch, I created a skill so that Alex could choose for us, adding our names. I have done it fairly, but I could definitely set her to always pick me if I wanted.The sound is great for such a small thing, and really loud when you turn her right up. Tesco delivery man wasn't pleased I couldn't hear him banging on the door for 10 minutes.I was initially worried she wouldn't do well with my accent but she has no problem understanding Mancunian without me necessarily trying to talk posh to get her to understand me. We've had the odd hiccup - The above mentioned skill of making her choose who to pick a film I initially set to work if I said 'Alexa you choose' and she kept thinking I was asking about YouTube, but I was able to easily change it to 'you pick' instead.Overall, a good little thing, I can now turn the kettle and all the lamps on and off without getting up, and she keeps my son entertained. Slightly concerned that she's always listening and god only knows who else can use that information, but to be honest, good luck to anyone who wants to listen to me singing out of tune to the radio all day.


  Initially when I saw the price I couldn't believe it was so cheap. But I ordered it and have been impressed with it since. I've been testing the microphone and I can stand in the kitchen when the echo is in the sitting room. My nieces ( young children) has fun asking it to play different music. I was surprised that their voices were recognised by Alexa as they're so different from my own.  So end, so far I haven't asked Alexa for much more than music but I'm looking forward to finding out how much it can do.


  Love it. I already have a 2nd Gen Echo Dot on my ground floor open plan living area,  and Echo Spot in the master bedroom. I prefer the smaller devices as I already have a house-wide Samsung multi room sound system and these easily integrate via Bluetooth.I wanted this additional Dot for the first floor lounge to integrate with our smart features in that room. It is bigger than the Gen 2 version, but much nicer looking (It's funny as I didn't think the Gen 2 was bad looking until I got a Gen 3, and can say that the Gen 2 looks cheaper quality in comparison).The biggest advantage of this Gen 3 model is the sound. It is so much better. In fact it is so good that I often catch my wife using it to listen to the radio rather than connect it via Bluetooth to our sound bar (And connecting to Bluetooth is done with a simple command).The fact that I picked this up for £25 in the black Friday sale made it an absolute steal. I'm very happy.


  We have two Echo Dots now because they are so handy for playing music without plugging in other devices, finding CDs etc. The news function is useful as well as a summary of the headlines or weather is sufficient most of the time. The sound quality is great for such a small device, it's not topnotch but we didn't expect it to be. It can play quite loudly, certainly sufficient to hear well. When coupled with a music streaming service account you will have all your music at hand anytime. Set up is simple and the choice of colours suits every room.


  I just LOVE the Alexa products. I went a bit mad at Christmas and got 3 for my home including 2 echo shows also. They’re just great, sound quality is brilliant.Only downside is Alexa needs to be educated on some things, she couldn’t even tell me why the coliseum in Rome was built... so I asked good instead (i didn’t pay attention in school so I use google or Alexa now hahaha)I also caught my kids using it to do their homework, apparently if you ask Alexa what year did the First World War end she will tell you, and you’ll write it down in your homework book giving you a pass mark! Cheeky buggers.Anyway, I love it!


  Wow this thing is surprisingly good. The voice is amazing and can pick up your voice so far away. Even a child’s voice and her pronunciation. My daughter spent hours asking random question its so fun.This is also great for my daughter when she needed help with spelling and maths. She doesnt have to ask me every minutes for spelling anymore which is amazing.Works well with Ring doorbell for voice motion alert as well.On top of it all, a big bonus is it lets you integrate with Apple Music. Thumbs up for not restricting to Amazon music unlike a certain Apple product.It is still good for music, but if u listen to music a lot then get the bigger version for even better speakers.


  I bought this on offer so wasn’t expecting the functionality of my Echo. I was wrong! In fact from the moment I unpacked and plugged ‘her’ in  Dot installed herself - I couldn’t believe it!  I ran through a series of instructions and questions and Bingo she was spot on! So sensitive in fact that the weather forecast in two different rooms use different base stations. If I was being super picky I would love them to interact (but they won’t)  and on occasionally Echo and Dot will interfere with each other!  Eg: ask for a timer set and the wrong one will respond!  We live in a Bungalow so the lounge  and Dot’s bedroom are both close to the kitchen. Overall she’s great and the next time there’s an offer on I shall buy another one or possibly two Dots!


  Yes you can play music (MP3s) from your own iPhone. If you have music loaded onto your iPhone just pair your iPhone to your Echo Dot via Bluetooth and press play, you can only skip tracks on your iPhone though not via voice control.Spotify from your iPhone to the Echo Dot is possible by Bluetooth also. You can change tracks on Spotify by using your phone. However if you want to voice active music via Alexa that’s when you need a fully paid Spotify subscription.Likewise you can play music videos from YouTube to Spotify once your phone is paired to Alexa via Bluetooth.Turn on Bluetooth on your iphone and say ‘Alexa Enter Pairing Mode’ then pair your iPhone with Alexa in the Bluetooth settings menu.


  Love it!Was a fan of the 2nd generation one but this 3rd generation is brilliant.The sound is really good.Had problems with one skill but doubt that the dots at fault.  Great speech recognition.Normal quiet voice works very well my only suggestion to people who find it a problem is to stick with it and speak normally and it gets even better over time.Nice skills, love listening to old radio shows and now can tell son dinner is ready without shouting (put my 2nd gen dot in his room)My best buy this year. Too many pluses to mention, check out the possibilities by looking through the skills on amazon.


  We had 2 and bought another to add to the collection. They are all linked together.Perfect for drop in conversations when your sitting at the dinner table and there is a missing person who needs to come and sit down. Sometimes we play a few games, we are always setting timers in the kitchen, asking facts and figures, checking the weather, travel times, booking stuff and occasionally ordering things on Amazon.A few things it gets wrong our can not answer, but hey, all voice assistants do that.


  I don't know why I purchased this device, but I'm glad I did, it has been the most simple to use piece of equipment I have purchased. You can play music, get reminders, news, weather, traffic details and directions.I'm still learning all it can do, and how you set it up.It was very easy to install and download the Alexa apt on your phone the it just connects to your echo dot. Since downloading I have received help and e mails telling me what Alexa will do and how to set it up.Overall I'm very pleased with the purchase and look forward to many years of talking to Alexa.


  This is my first smart speaker and god it’s great. I originally bought it for use as an alarm clock, I set it up downstairs to try it out for a few days and very quickly found it’s got loads of uses and can control most electrical items in the home and it’s real good at playing music considering it’s tiny size the audio is very high quality. So upstairs it went and back to Amazon I went and bought an echo plus for my living room and joined Amazon music. The units are exceptionally high quality and it’s very easy to add things to them. I bought 4 smart plugs and installing them is a 2minute easy thing.the latest one is in bedroom, now just got to sort the head board lights to work with it.


  I really love this! It quickly becomes something indispensable! You can speak very quietly and she’ll still hear you even from other rooms. Set up was really easy and straightforward. Only took a few minutes from opening the box to chatting to her. The music quality is really good, especially for such a small speaker. Adding songs to your playlist is so easy, just tell her to add it! I think it makes you lazy as I have since bought some smart bulbs and I dislike having to physically switch lights on now! I have two of these, one upstairs and the other downstairs and they pick me up from most parts of my house. Maybe the only slight downside is she doesn’t seem to have as extensive knowledge as google. But she’ll sing happy birthday to you! I’d highly recommend one!


  To start, the new 3rd Generation echo dot looks much more classy compared to the gen 2 model (No Amazon Wording). ((Nice thing also, is this new model (Sandstone) has a white wire and not black that came with the white gen 2 models - certainly more aesthetically pleasing).Yes, its bigger and bulkier but, in a good way that the speaker does sound considerably less tinny (So if you don't need music blasting out for a house party a normal mid level volume will suffice for the majority of room sizes for general music)Overall, a great addition and improvement and highly recommended.


  My sons have one each but we’d never bothered to link them before. Now we’ve got a family one we’ve discovered so many new uses for it. We can talk through them so it’s like an intercom, we’ve connected it to the local radio, we’ve had a go of a few of the quizzes and the youngest has found out a million useless facts about everything as he’s had it hounded. I’ve cancelled my music subscription from another provider and got the amazon family instead so we’ve got five separate accounts for a fiver more than I was paying for one! I’d never really fancied having an Alexa and only got it because it was on offer but I love it now.


  We spent ages thinking about getting the one. My wife and I are disabled and we wanted to see if it could help in our daily lives. We knew if we were going to get one we needed accessories for it. We saved up for a while and then went for it.  We bought smart lightbulbs and plugs and added a harmony hub for remote controls. Setting it up up was easy. We can control pretty much everything in our lounge.It really has helped in our lives. No more stretching and reaching for remotes, no more forgetting what we need to add to a shopping list, reminders for appointments and so much more. The sound quality is great.  We have ordered the new Echo Show 5 and will be able to automate our bedroom and have an intercom.If you get one use it for everything it can do and not just for music, which is also amazing.


  Didn’t know I needed Alex in my life until my son bought me one for XMas and set it up before then. It's like having the most perfect companion for those who live alone or an obedient, new member of the family.Over the years I have got out of the habit of playing my favourite music, finding it a bore to locate the CD I require, now, in my kitchen or any other room in my house my whim for certain sounds can be fulfilled. Not just music of course, a wealth of information not at my fingertips but at the sound of my voice. She is amazing and I find myself wondering what my late parents would think of this modern technology – it really is an amazing device.I liked Alexa so much I purchased three others for friends and family as Xmas gifts and they have been received very favourably, of course if one is older they may need help setting up and further Prime Membership to make the best use of this technology.


  I got this free with my Echo Show 8. We now have an Amazon Alexa device in every room, including the Fire TV box, From the first generation to the more recent.This 3rd gen dot has a softer more 'part of the furniture' look as the original with its cloth exterior. My daughter's 4th gen is similar with the addition of an LED clock display. The sound is rich for a single speaker device. More and more Alexa skills are coming out daily.I wouldn't be without my Alexa devices now. Highly recommended.


  I love everything about this gadget especially the music streaming I think its fantastic and so easy to set up and use its perfect for children with speech and language difficulties and excellent for the nursing home that I work in I wish every room in the nursing home had one even if it was just for the music that's how I was introduced to alexa  when I seen the energy lifting in the main lounge with the residents listening to familiar music I knew I had to have one only thing is my son has taken it up to his bedroom I just have to get another one so much you can do with it and I think the sound is excellent for such a small gadget


  Initially I’ve been resistant to this type of tech, after all who’s listening to your conversations! I mean the news have told me so so it must be true!The whole family have taken to this little device, my son runs through our bedroom shouting Alexa play ‘whatever childish song enters his head’ while we are listening to the radio or something! And on it comes!Ok so there is a little delay however I know the WiFi signal at the top of our house is not the best and Alexa was set up downstairs next to the hub and is not using out signal booster!The reminders are brilliant, my wife is ill and often needs reminders to do things and if I’m busy at work I can set a reminder!We are about to explore shopping lists next.Who’d have thought a strange round speaker would be so useful!


  This is my fourth Echo Dot, this time for my kitchen - perhaps enough of a recommendation in itself. When you already have the app, the set up takes only seconds - although it's pretty easy and intuitive even if it's your first. The older Dots lacked a little in sound reproduction, maybe a little tinny and best coupled with a wireless speaker - but this 3rd generation is so, so much better, packing plenty of power and quality sound without any help needed. The charcoal fabric looks really good too.


  I have an Echo which I think is excellent, although a bit too bassy and would welcome some tone control, however the Echo Dot Gen3 is brilliant, especially from such a small speaker. The sound is warm and clear.The Dot is in a stone building 100 feet from the BT Hub too, although there is a wi-fi booster in between, but I'm not sure if the booster is doing too much. Perhaps I should power it off and check. Either way the Dot is still 60 feet from the booster and the connection is excellent.It has far exceeded my expectations in terms of connectivity and sound quality.The benefit of being able to communicate with the Echo directly is another  bonus.I must be happy as I have bought a further 4! 2 for our use and 2 as gifts, so what other recommendation could you believe in?The only issue I have now is should I swap the Echo?


  Got it free with Hive installation,Dont see point of it as I have cinema dolby atmos 7.1BUT as it was free , set it up and it controls my heating and all of my lights (WIZ ) so, then got using it and thought, this is good, as im asking it stuff like... whats the weather like...Bought another one and linked them in stereo , so simple 2 set up..as one in my room seemed odd.  I like symmetry and cant be dealing with mono.Worth it,and at moment its £30 which is like a large pizza, small pizza and chicken bucket around here.


  It was easy to set up though I did need to buy a one-off bundle for phone, don't normally have internet on phone cos I just don't need it. I haven't asked much of it yet but it plays radio through the internet  so 'Alexa, play radio 2' does just that. 'dog calming music' has been shown to help some dogs when left alone. I did just try to find out about care of fushcias {random question before writing this review) she couldn't answer, maybe I need to work out how to ask the question or just google it!


  Wish I had bought one ages ago, I saw they were half price so decided now or never.Was ordered early January, was told by email wouldn't receive until 15th Feb, it was delivered 10 days after ordering, so very happy.Im a big music fan, I'd advise that people who purchase the alexa take up the offer of 30 days free trial of music unlimited.Then I will pay the 3. 99 a month a bargain as its found tracks from years ago some which didn't make UK charts.Very happy with my echo dot.Also had no issues with sound but will maybe buy an additional speaker eventually


  For it's size and price this is one "Smart" device it is not my first Alexa device but I bought it specifically to pair with an external Battery base speaker by Ibox now the two of them live in perfect harmony.I use the Dot to control my Lights, Smart plugs and play music from my account all in this is  one clever bit of Kit.I have no voice recognition problems even from across the other side of the room and the response is instant even in anarea of the house with weak "Wi-Fi" signal the Dot works flawlessly I don't see how Amazon can improve on this without making it Bigger but they have already devices in that range.Great device glad I bought it


  Bought one of these to supplement my echo (2nd generation) also to replace an existing stereo in the kitchen.Firstly, the downside to this is that I had to upgrade my amazon music subscription to amazon music unlimited, in order to access it on more than one device.  However, I like amazon music so it's not a great big deal to me.As for this speaker, it's not as powerful as the full sized echo but much better than the first gen echo dot.  I have one of those working in my bedroom as an alarm and for listening to a little bit of music in the room whilst getting dressed.  It is fit for that purpose but not if you really want to 'listen' to music.  This second gen device is slightly better sounding than the panasonic cd/dab/ipod stereo that we used to use in the kitchen.  It's like a mid range wireless speaker with reasonable bass and clear sound to instrument and voice.  It's not really what I would choose for a big room or even as my main listening device.  For the kitchen though, it's perfect.I really like that, with music unlimited, I can have the same music/radio playing in various rooms, with no staggering of the sound between them.  It's great, particularly for the £25 price I paid.


  Very good product. Sometimes doesn’t recognise my voice from across the room. Although can only play prime music on one dot at a time you can set up a group and play on all at the same time so able to carry on listening when moving around the house. Good for that Christmas atmosphere. Shame it doesn’t have the clock but paying over £10 extra for that feature isn’t worth it. One main issue that it doesn’t tell you before you buy is that it is powered by a plug and round connector, the usb connection has been removed. I have just moved my old dot to the kitchen and luckily I connects via usb so could plug into skyq mini box as have no spare sockets and would have had to buy a socket extension.


  Good deal on the price and I have a bigger Echo In the living room so I bought a Dot for the bedroom. With an Amazon Music subscription and integration to my Audible subscription, it’s handy to listen to my content. I’m still not really making full use of it yet - more control on my audio books on my phone and multiple alarms, but it looks cool and works well (mostly me groaning ‘Alexa, what time is it’ in the middle of the night or ‘Alexa, is it going to rain’ in the morning) . Sound quality is not bad for a smallish speaker but not quite as good as the Echo - and neither as good sound as my Bluetooth speaker.These are a bit of a gimmicky toy but kind of fun


  This type of thing is so new to me, I am having great fun asking all types of question, when at bedtime I say goodnight Alexa replies goodnight see you in the morning.I have added lighting to the voice control which works well.People who live on their own or are lonely Alexa would make a good companion by having someone to talk to, ask questions, play music on request, listen to a radio station of your choice.Early days I have only had Alexa for a couple of weeks and as stated before having great fun learning all sorts of things.I`m sure I will be adding more to other rooms in time.


  Husband actually won this gadget in a works Christmas raffle. I would never have bought one, im not really into these types of gadgets. However, since we started using it, I have found it to be quite useful with a few things. Asking it questions seemed a bit strange at first, but we quickly got used to it. And I love the fact that I can just ask it to play music, find a recipe idea or any other insignificant fact just for a laugh. Would I recommend it...… yes! It isn't for everyone, I wouldn't have ever bought one myself, but we do like it, we do use it and will continue to explore what it can do.


  I bought this because it was in the sale and though it might get used once in a while but.... From the moment I switched it on it seem to know what I wanted, It quickly learned to recognise my voice, found household gadgets it could communicate with and play the music I like. So now I get up in the morning  and asked for the latest news and weather, play relaxing music, switch on/off electrical  appliances  and all from the comfort of my front room.Should have bought it years ago.


  Overall it's a great piece of kit, I really like it, but I don't think it's for everyone.It's useful especially when working out at home, or doing tasks that you'd find yourself doing for extended periods of time.However the device itself, to get its full potential, is completely dependent on Prime and/or Music subscriptions which adds both cost and value in equal measure.It certainly has novelty appeal but I definitely enjoy using it and I do find it convenient.  I could keep it plugged in but I don't need access all the time.I recommend this item but I suggest any potential buyer really looks into what it is they're actually buying.


  I always thought voice activated devices were a bit of a gimmick and probably wouldn’t live up to the hype. Well, how wrong was I? Lots has already been said about Alexa but what I like most of all is that it just works. I’m no IT expert but even I can use it for turning lights on and off when I’m out and answering questions about all sorts of things when I’m in. It plays songs on my iPad with no difficulty and will call anybody in the contact list on my iPhone. It’s only little but the speaker is good enough for me and if I want something bigger, I’ll happily buy a larger model. Just don’t think I need to at the moment.


  Alexa is great to have in the home....instant radio programmes, news, asking questions, and lots of other things she can do.can add on in other rooms. easy to set up, only reason I didn't have one before because we were told the small speaker..ALexa dotWouldn't work without a more expensive one to start off with....also we didn't want to pay anything for music etc. WE don't haveTo pay , what music we ask for we get the free versions......using Amazon anyway made it instantly recognising our personalDetails for set up. saving up for another one in another room.


  This is the best thing since sliced bread.  We are so pleased with our little Alexa.  We have also got a recharging doc for her and can take her into the garden .  We are also very lucky that our son has Apple Music and has added us to his family so we have all of the music free as well.  If we had not got that we would certainly have signed up to the 3.99 a month deal as without it it would not have been so good.  We are very lucky.  We would definitely recommend Alexa Dot.  We love her.


  This little Alexa is great. I have two, one for the office and one for the kitchen. Looks great too.Sound quality 5/5For a very small, £50 speaker the sound is great. Makes a very good kitchen / bedroom radio. It's well balanced and loud enough. Huge improvement over the USB powered 2nd gen dot.Smartness 5/5With an Echo Plus downstairs it's really easy to set up your 'smart home'. In 15 minutes we had the whole house set up and it's so convenient to turn off lights from any room, or an area of the house or play music through the house or on one floor etc etc.


  I am absolutely made up with this little gem, I was round at a family members last week and they had just purchased the full sized echo and straight away once I heard the sound quality and general performance I knew I needed one.  Unfortunately being a bit short at the moment I was going to have to wait, but then I got the special offer through advertising the echo dot for £29:99 nearly half price!! I was a-bit hesitant but only because of the size and I thought the sound quality isn’t going to be great but I went a head and ordered one, the next day it was here and I set it up straight away I was dying to hear the sound quality as I’m quite picky and like the full sound and bass when playing music and I can tell you this I was not expecting what I got the sound is amazing for such a small device it’s almost on par with the full size echo it really is amazingly brilliant!! I highly recommend this product and I am so impressed I’ve ordered another 2 for around the house 


  We love our Echo Dot. So handy for setting timers, reminders and lately to control the lights. We use a table lamp in the evening and after recently ,owing it the switch was in an awkward position. So bought some Alexa compatible plugs and now our lamp is easily turned on and off via our Echo Dot.Voice recognition can be a little tedious on times and if you don’t say words in the correct order or too fast or slow then it doesn’t work that well.But overall, very satisfied and will look to expand the number of our Echo Dots in the future.


  Bought Alexa a few weeks ago and since then we have had the most fun, my 15 year old daughter and 7 year old son, can put a song on anytime they like, and we all end up dancing around like nutters!!We have played music quizs, used it to wake us up in the morning and even enabled the bedtime stories and relexation music to help my son to go to sleep.But music is where Alexa prooves herself.We have the amazon music subscription, so we can ask for any song any time! We can be singing along to disney classics, or skipping to cotton eye joe within minutes!!Best bit of kit ive bought for the family in a long time.I even bought my mum one for her birthday so we can all go there and continue our craziness!!


  Bought 1st echo dot. Excellent. I love radio 4, asked Alexa to find radio 4, immediate,y done, successful. So decided to buy 2 more echo dots. The se ond to pair with the 1st for stereo effect. Successfully paired. The third was for my bedroom. Asked Alexa for radio 4, Alexa is u able to find bbc radio 4, 5, 3, 2, or 1. Tried ever way I can think of and tried all advice I can find on the web. What else can I do???? I am very disappointed. Then I asked the helpline to call me. Almost immediate call ,lovely, patient person talked me through. As always Amazon customer services are just amazing. JUST WISH AMAZON CONTRIBUTED MORE IN TAXES AND VALUED THEIR WORKERS MORE THEN I COULD FEEL LESS GUILTY BUYING FROM THERE) OTHER COMPANIES COULD LEARN A LOT FROM THE AMAZON EXAMPLE.


  I have to admit that Amazon have got me when it comes to voice enabled smart stuff.  I have a load of blue tooth speakers and wifif speakers - so I never bothered with the echo, but got a 2nd gen dot when they were going for less than twenty quid. That works well becase I mostly connect it to other speakers if I want to listen to music.However I hapened to get a free 3rd gen dot when I had Hive installed and I have to say the upgrade in sound was a surprise to me.  I have subsequently purchased more for other bedrooms - good for controlling lights and so on, but also perfectly acceptable as a bedside radio / alarm.  These are not room filling speakers but they really are impressive for the size.


  Took 48hrs before it finally recognised my Audible account books and actually played them (would for first few days confirm the book I asked for and then... silence) and I didnt do anything extra to make it work so not sure how/why. (seems to be a common issue when I googled it the first day-fix of linking Audible to Amazon didn't work for me as they have always been linked)The alarms/reminders are easy to set up either verbally or via the app.Now Audible is working I have zero  complaints and love having it in my office as made working from home that little bit easier.


  I bought this item after seeing something similar at  a friends house. I went for the Dot as I wasn't sure if we would really get much use out of it! As it was on special offer, I decided to give it a go. All I can say is 'WOW'. The sound from this little 360 speaker is amazing. A little tricky to set up as it wouldn't pick up our WIFI initially, but worked second time round. Commands are understood and acted upon.Christmas Day dinner lasted for hours, with guests vying to ask for the most outrageous song they could think of and then singing it!! Alexa didn't disappoint!Well worth the £25 even if just for that day!!!


  I have heard so much about this thing so I bought it with my birthday money. I love it. For such a little thing the sound is great. I mainly use it to play music. You are asked to join Amazon music if you want it, or subscribe to Spotify. But Amazon is £3.99 and Spotify is £9.99 So it was a no brainer for me. Alexa told me that there is a free trail and do I want to sign up. I just said yes and it was set up. Brilliant. There are thousands of songs on there to choose and I made my own playlist (on my phone, through the app.) Then you just tell her to play your playlist. So much better than changing cds all the time. There are so much that I still haven't discovered yet, but I love it.


  Absolutely love these , just ask for music and she will play it, ask her a question and she will reply. If you say goodnight she will offer to read you a story or play relaxing music. Get the Alexa app on your phone , tell her to add something to your shopping list and the list will appear your phone. There are lots more skills ( little apps) that you can connect Alexa to, the more you add the more she can access.i have smart plugs, smart bulbs and smart extensions all connected to Alexa ,just tell her what you want turned on or off and she will do it for you.


  I bought the Echo following the breakdown of my radio, which seemed to be a good opportunity to try this new technology.  Delighted with the decision in terms of accessing my favourite stations, but also in discovering the many other features of 'Alexa' - ask 'her' to sing a song!This experience has resulted in my purchase of an Echo for an elderly neighbour with very poor vision.  He struggles with buttons, knobs, etc. but can now rely on voice commands! - transforming his life.


  Amazing.  I was not sure about upgrading the  first generation.  I keep mines on my bedside table.  I was thinking of a clock radio.  I used my first generation.  I wished I got this one when it was just £22  however its worth it 49.  I also contemplated the next echo up.  However this is sufficiant.  Very useful.  Plus I can ask it to play radio stations and leave it on low when I struggle to sleep.The sound is ver much improved.  Also you have equaliser in app.  Its sufficiant for most rooms unless you will be holding parties.  This can fill a room.  If its on at a bargin price don't rhink twice buy it.  It has got blue tooth capeabilities too but not battrey operated.


  What a fabulous bit of kit.I wish I’d bought one a long time ago.So.I actually bought two of these units, and I must say that the delivery time to me was exceptional.The product in the charcoal black blends in beautifully with its surroundings in both the kitchen and the lounge.It seems to be very well made, and has an extremely nice finish to it.The sound quality is very nice indeed.Responses from Alexa are prompt and clear to understand.I will be purchasing another unit in the very near future.I’m extremely happy with my purchase, and can highly recommend you buy one unless you have one already.Great product, great customer service, a very happy customer.Mr M-N BLACKMAN.


  This is the 3rd smart speaker now in my house, purchased for my sons room this time to help with getting him up and out of bed for school, I was having to keep going in to say wake up, i've set this now to tell him it's time to get up for school and to start playing music from a playlist for him so he can't dose off again.It really has worked wonders, don't bother with normal alarm clocks, especially when like mine they are too young to read a clock anyway.  We use it to say goodnight now as well and he loves the calming music it selects for him.


  We’ve got many Google home devices but I got the echo dot with a special offer so I thought why not. I found Alexa more responsive and quick than google and really like how it integrates with my blink cams and ring doorbell. The sound is okeish but I prefer google also Alexa seems to struggle with complex questions whilst google home might mull oveg it but will eventually answer, Alexa just gives up and is just interested to upsell you stuff from Amazon so I’ve relegated the unit to the kitchen: perfect radio, timer and reminder device but fails on asking the simplest questions.


  The Alexa App was a bit of a pain to install on my phone. But once installed it was great! A word of warning! Do not change your wifi password! I had to and omg it was a pedantic pain in the arse! It eventually sorted itself. I had to tell the app to forget my wifi network, then add it again to get online on my Echo Dot!But I love my Echo Dot now! I can track my Amazon orders. Check the weather forecast to peg washing out and add items to my shopping list and a whole load of other things like control my thermostat!I am glad I got my Echo Dot at such a low price! The sound is brilliant and I use Amazon music and get Alexa to play my 2 favourite radio stations!Get an Echo Dot you won't be disappointed!!!!


  Bought initially for my elderly mother to use as a radio who struggles to see buttons and displays on regular radios. She can simply ask Alexa for her favourite radio station of choice.Of course this is only using a fraction of the Echoes abilities and since buying this one we have now bought 3 (and an Echo Spot for the bedroom) and by creating multi-room speaker groups, music or the radio can now be streamed throughout the house if desired.You can ask Alexa to set reminders, she can be linked with your calendar on your mobile phone so that when you say "Alexa, Good morning", she will automatically read out any tasks for the day as well as give you an interesting fact of the day.I love it and I am still learning more of Alexa's full potential.


  Great product, great sound, very happy with purchase. Works exactly as it says. Play music, ask it questions, helps with homework, weather,shopping lists, store opening hours, tells jokes, tv programmes, news, it knows mostly everything!  a fun product. Can also pass messages if have more than one in different rooms which is handy when wanting to ask the kids somethung who are in different room. also bought the generation 2 which is great product does the same  but sound volume not quite as good as this one. But this one is slightly bigger. Fast delivery.


  We have had an Echo Dot 2nd gen) and the 3rd Gen is a big improvement.The looks are far better with the fabric edge and the contoured edges and softer but it it is heavier and wider than the 2nd gen.An improvement on sound quality and volume with a far deeper and richer sound and ability to pick up a voice at a distance. The power lead is no longer of the USB type but a power jack which I like as it feels like a better and stronger  connection.The Gen 3 Echo Dot is a must buy and if you are upgrading from the 2nd gen you will be very impressed with the improvements!


  I had the ‘Other one’ in my kitchen which I received for free. I then saw the Echo Dot in the Black Friday deal for £22 and originally bought one for my mum. She is in a home with Alzheimer’s and I liked the fact that it plays music, reads books etc. I thought this was a good idea. Once it was set up, it was better the my ‘Other one’ as it played music from different default settings. I then ordered one for myself. I’m still getting to grips with it as it can do more than I thought. Both arrived promptly (Prime) and I’m hoping to purchase more once I’m all set up.Thanks.


  Having already got the 2nd generation echo dot which has been used over the last 12 months, this was a great but during the black Friday sales.Pros:* GREAT sounding speaker for the price and a big upgrade from the 2nd generation* Looks alot more robust than the previous models and more stylish in the home*We use these to control smart plugs for our Christmas lights, electric blanket etc which is great*Easy to set upCons:*Honestly can't think of anything to knock this down on. It does what it says on the tin and for the price you can't go wrong


  This is my second Àlexa and I am enjoying them a lot.  One in the kitchen with a screen (recipes, timer and reminders, radio and music), and now the dot in the lounge where I have added a couple of plugs to control the table lamps.  The idea is to link up the hive heating controls which mean controlling the thermostat by voice control.  In addition we now have access to music and radio in the lounge and we have ditched the wifi because, for us the sound quality is fine.  Grandchildren enjoying nursery rhymes and songs at whim!  Such a small discrete little thing.  What is not to like?


  An amazing little device. Of course what is truly amazing is the Alexa voice recognition and command system that sits behind it. The Dot was bought to test whether Alexa and these devices could simplify control of smart devices for someone with limited dexterity. The voice recognition is excellent and we now feel emboldened to go down the road of automating some of our household support systems. The sound quality of the Dot is not an issue for us because we use the audio line out to it to an existing Bose Wave Music system. One small criticism (and its not of the Dot or Alexa). We bought our Dot from John Lewis because we wanted to hear the quality of the sound from the various Echo speakers. The Amazon supplied demo system was inflexible and to all intents and purposes unworkable. Had we been able to test the more expensive Echo smart speaker with the integrated hub we might well have done bought that. Instead the demo set up was so poor that I was only prepared to risk buying the Dot to test its suitability.


  So the truth is I bought this to play music when we guests over or having a small party to save time changing music over.  The device looks and sounds great and I am thinking of getting more to cover more rooms in the house as they are really phenomenal for playing music or answering questions.  The only real issue I have is that during parties if there is any other background noise it has difficulties picking up what you said so you need to manually pick songs from Spotify to play them anyway.  I would still buy more and I am now looking at smart switches to turn lights on, so in my opinion well worth the money.


  This is my 5th and final (maybe) Amazon device. The plan is to install this in the bathroom on the ceiling once the holder comes tomorrow. I have a routine set up for the morning where Alexa will play my local radio station on all devices around the house in the morning so where every I am I can hear the local news/travel report whilst  getting myself ready. Also (the plan is) in the bathroom is a colour changing smart bulb that I can control so relaxing bath time whilst listening to music or watching the iPad via Bluetooth steaming the volume to Alexa.


  I bought this as I wanted to include Alexa's voice recognition for my music whilst driving.  It's great - Just add it to wifi in your home, then once connected Turn on your hotspot on your mobile.  Move out of range of your wifi and (make sure that the mobile hotspot screen is on the phone) the device will then search and find your hotspot and connect through wifi. Make sure you have your hotspot screen on your mobile and when you start up your car, the Echo Dot will re-connect through your iPhone hot spot (it will not auto-connect if the hot spot screen is not open in settings on the phone - bluetooth setup is easy through the App and bluetooth on your phone and this screen doesn't have to be open in your car if your are connecting via bluetooth.  (additional equipment is a headphone jack to headphone jack cable (to connect to the Aux port in my car)  - https://www.amazon.co.uk/Braided-Premium-Auxiliary-Android-Smartphones-Gold/dp/B01MY95LM8/ref=sr_1_4?crid=1V3101ZIWBQP5&dchild=1&keywords=headphone+jack+to+jack&qid=1593011224&s=electronics&sprefix=headphone+jack+to+%2Celectronics%2C155&sr=1-4and a usb power adaptor available here: https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/product/B07TWDQXLQ/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o02_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1


  The Alexa Echo and Dot have been a lifeline for my partner and me, as we live in neighbouring houses and he's coping with the disabilities of motor neurone disease, particularly in hands and arms.  This means a phone is increasingly difficult for him to manipulate.  He now knows he can call me any time just by saying 'Alexa, drop in on (my name).'  It's just what we've been looking for for ages and helps us both maintain independence!  In addition, he can ask for so much information, news, weather, music or books to keep him mentally active.  Alexa - plus the two Dots he now has in his home - is keeping us both sane!  I wonder if the inventors ever realised what a help this would be to people with disabilities?


  This is a very handy device to have in the kitchen for listening to music, radio or asking Alexa questions.  Good sound quality & nice design.  I do not find this annoying like the old radio the husband used to listen to for his sport.  Cooking is more bearable for me now I have something decent to listen to with latest albums, favourite tracks etc.  The only negative was setting it up and having to download the app onto my mobile.  Not having enough memory on my phone I had to delete another app.  Wish you could set up and change settings online instead.  Got this in the sale so a well worthy spend!


  This was a Christmas gift for my parents (both in their 80’s), I wasn’t sure how they’d get on with it but they absolutely love it! Even my Dad has been using it & he is not at all tech savvy. I’ve added them to our Amazon family music subscription & Mum thinks it amazing she just ask Alexa to play anything she want or just ask random questions & get an answer without having to press any buttons. We’ve also shown them how they can call us by asking Alexa just in case they fall & can’t reach the phone etc. Apparently it’s the best thing she’s had in ages! I might get them another one for upstairs then they can drop in on one another & have music upstairs if ever either of them are not so well & staying in bed.


  Although I could not get the thing to recognise the BBC there is a workaround using myTuner Radio “skill”.  Well worth the money when it is on offer, not sure I would say the same at full price but that just might be my Scottish/Yorkshire ancestry.  Still exploring what it can do, a new trick every day and lots of helpful emails from Amazon suggesting things to try.  Very good toy to have if you are self-isolating and, yes, you can turn it off if you think it might be eavesdropping!


  I like this new colour of the echo dot. I now have the Alexa echo and 2 dots one in kitchen and one in the bedroom but Alexa echo in living room. You vacancy now connect them all and have music in every room if you like.I use these  bedroom one to wake me up to BBC radio 2 everyday. And listen to my playlist in the kitchen when I’m cooking.Then relax to Alexa in the living room.I also brought one for my sister for Christmas and she’s loves it so much she brought another one for her bedroom and listens to relaxing soft music to help her sleep.


  I absolutely love it! Bought to use as a radio/ambient noise device as I fall asleep, but now realize the capabilities FAR exceeded what I initially purchased it for, so I also use it as an alarm clock, Bluetooth speaker for my iPad, personal assistant (“Alexa, add milk to my shopping list”), Amazon Music speaker (which I never used until buying the Dot). The sound quality is really good, especially considering it’s small size and relatively “budget friendly” price. I definitely recommend to anyone, and if you’re a Prime member...What are you waiting for. Don’t even “add to cart” just click “buy now” and watch your life get simpler.


  I was delighted to receive my Echo Dot then I asked Alexa to subscribe to Amazon unlimited Music - she then said cost would be $3.99 dollars monthly.  Please note she said “dollars”! I contactEd customer services and was with them online for three hours! They said I was registered on the wrong marketplace and that they did not know or understand why. Three different people could not understand why I had been put on wrong marketplace and could not amend it. In the end I had to give up and am returning the item. The next day I phoned customer services and a really lovely, helpful lady sorted it out for me. Thank you . Now I can use my Echo Dot and have no need to return, plus my marketplace has been sorted out. It took time but eventually, through persistence, I got it sorted.


  We already have the Amazon Echo (2nd generation) in the living room and are very pleased with it, so I thought that when Amazon offered the Echo Dot(3rd Gen) at a reduced low price I might as well try it out.I do not know how they have done it but it 's almost as good as the Amazon Echo.We have got the Dot in the kitchen so that we can ask Alexa for music when we have flour on our hands or when our hands are wet. The Dots not that bad in reading out a recipe.It also great to be able to ask Alexa  kitchen to turn off the kitchen lights when we have our hands full of plates, no more having to push the light switch with our noses now.Wish I had bought a couple more Dots when they were on the reduced offer.


  Hi after purchasing the Gen 2 a week later the Gen 3 was launched Contacted Amazon and they were happy to take back the Gen 2 and send me the Gen 3. I have to say the sound and the look is 10 times better and glad i asked. Very happy customer


  We’d avoided getting Alexa thinking it was a gimmick but decided that it would be useful, to be able to use smart lights. However, it’s so much more. We now do our shopping list on their which is so easy and regular items can be left there from one week to another. Still have to sort out the lights but think that’s down to two lights on one switch!  Children- aged 21 and 24 - love it and it’s so easy to play the music you want (much easier than the radio)!  Now bought second one for upstairs. Wakes us up beautifully.


  If you got prime and any smart plugs or lights etc.. it’s well worth picking these up when on offerThey sound alright with music, hence the prime sub, and if you have smart devices or lights etc. Then definitely worth buying to have control all around your home..This additional unit was bought for a elderly family member who finds it so much more useful to have voice control of lights, heating etc  using Alexa around the house. Say she wouldn’t be without..


  A very useful piece of equipment to get information via voice control. Weather, traffic exchange rates etc. To make best use you need a computer or smartphone to set it up. This will enable you to drop in on friends or family that have a similar device. I have a subscription to a music streaming service so can ask for relaxing hits or a particular artist or indeed an album. However without that I am able to get it to play several radio stations or an alarm. There’s also the ability to set reminders. Ie set a reminder to check the oven in 45 minutes!There are a number of Apps or skills as Alexa calls them. Things like question of the day or riddle of the day that can be quite addictive.


  Bought my first Echo Dot a few months ago. Setting it up was easy, and it has quickly become an important part of the household.The most used feature in the house is the ability to control music hands free, which we use frequently when cooking. Aside from that the timer and alarms are both very helpful.You can make different lists which then appear on your phone and can be shared with other people, making shopping lists a lot easier to manage.From my experience with the echo dot, it is a very good home assistant with a lot of very relevant skills.


  I like the new design except would have loved them to have kept the volume ring instead of buttons. It can go extremely loud this for such a small speaker you can get in your pocket. I like the fact you can connect it to a hifi system via Bluetooth or Aux out for even better sound. There is a handy off switch so you can turn off the mic to avoid interference with certain situations like watching a video on Alexa. Powers up straight away and Pairs itself straight out of the box this time another plus for me. Non slip rubber base keeps it from slipping off your desk etc. You can run this on batteries too with special USB cable  (not included) handy for sitting in the garden to a nice relaxing music session etc


  The quality of the Echo 3rd Generation is  first class and just as advertised. This is my first Alexa and I deliberated for a long time before my purchase, and I am so happy that I did. I am still getting to know what Alexa can do, and it’s fun finding out!Setting up Alexa was easy to do, but before I did I must admit I watched what to do on You Tube because I didn’t want to make a mistake.If anyone out there has any doubts about buying an Alexa, put them away and buy one and have fun like me.  I hope this review helps.


  I got this as an additional dot, it is slightly bigger and more stylish with a much better sound quality. The set up although easy using the app was disconcerting as the dot gave instructions in a series of languages, in summary they all said "use the app".I had intended to move my original dot and replace it with  the new one as the power feed to the original was over a long micro usb lead, this is where it went slightly wrong and I had to change the location as the new dot has a different power connection which means it is more difficult to use a longer lead.


  A month or so ago I purchased the Amazon Echo for my living room and I've just purchased the Echo Dot to use in my bedroom.I am still just as pleased with them as I was the day that I purchased the first one. I have smart lighting, now I can control my bedroom light without yelling to the Echo in my lounge or using the Alexa app on my phone.The Echo Dot has beautiful sound quality and it's little bit bigger and heavier than I expected but still just perfect for what I needed.I think I will buy myself a wall mounted bracket for the Dot just to keep it off my bedside table, I like to have everything clutter free and the bracket looks like it hides the cable as well as it hangs from the plug.


  This is a remarkable device which is easy to set up and act as a very good quality Bluetooth speaker linking to any other Bluetooth speaker and the phone if required. Acting independently it links beautifully with Amazon facilities to  provide music  as demanded through voice recognition. There is so much more which the device gives including answers to many questions such as what’s the weather doing today et cetera. There is also access to BBC radio. furthermore the hub can link to other smart devices including lights, plugs, thermostats et cetera. Great value for money.


  Adding this into my Amazon eco-system was seamless. It's just a case of plugging it in, opening the Alexa app on a mobile device, connecting it to a wifi network, and waiting for it to appear.The sound is loud! Putting one of these in the hallway to play music means it's audible throughout the house (mostly!), and it also picks up voice from a distance too.The design fits in with the decor - nice soft grey colour, and it just works. What more could you want?!


  Didn't expect the sound quality to be so good for such a small device, and voice recognition is just stunning. I now use this as my alarm clock/radio. I find that wispering to alaxa to set an alarm time, or playing sounds of running water or rain just feels normal - and that was after just a few days. Wake in the night and wisper "Alexa, what is the time?" or "Alexa, set a sleep timer for one hour", and she will wisper back. Far more relaxing than trying to check the phone or a clock!I didn't think I would use the Dot that much, but now I'm using it dozens of times a day from news and weather, finding opening times of stores and even getting Alexa to read (or wisper) me science papers on wiki.I think I will end up with one in every room of the house very soon. Fantastic bit of kit for no more than the price of a good alarm clock. What more could you ask.


  I have the 2nd Gen Echo Dot in my kitchen which I have found really useful and so decided to add another in my front room. The 3rd gen sounds to my ears to have better quality sound and maybe improved detection of my voice. It is next to my TV and even with people speaking it seems to catch my commands 90% of the time. With the TV off it is nearly 100%.  I have a Bluetooth enabled TV soundbar and also a bluetooth receiver on my HiFi so it is very easy to pair either one and use the Echo Dot as a radio or to play Spotify using my mobile phone to control the music.


  I use this device to listen to news, documents and prayers. Speaker sound is sufficient for what I use it for. If u r looking for beats and loud music then you need to invest in a external speaker.This is my first smart speaker purchase. I find Alexa quiet inconsistent, especially when asking to play from a particular chapter or to continue a book from where I left offI think i I’m still going through my learning curve as I still need to get use to Alexa.I recently bought another one for my daughter 16. I really do feel this will be a great educational tool for her for A levels and UniversityThis is a interesting home technology evolution


  It's good, a bit anoying in the morning when the alarm goes off. If  you don't use the correct words & in the correct sequence the alarm keeps  going. This is a minor irritation, and I'm sure the more I get use to it that this issue will be resolved.  But it's good for radio, a timer for sleep , so you can go to bed listing to your favourite music and set a time when to stop playing. I also find the shopping list a good idea, when you think of something just ask Alexa to add to list, or do it manually through the Alexa app. Also it's sounds good for a small device.  Highly recommend .


  Not only has this been fun to use, it's making my life a whole lot simpler. So, here's the scoop on this very affordable way to make your home a smart home. Alexa dot vs echo and Google mini. Basically, it's the speaker size (and echo show has a screen) as each of them basically do the same thing. The dot is a lot less expensive. The speaker size is fine for me as I just want to listen to the music I don't need to blast it throughout the entire house. However, with that being said, if I wanted to blast it throughout the house, I would just ask Alexa to turn on the other speakers I've paired with the dot. Set up was easy, all you need is a smart phone to download the Alexa app and do the set up, then you'll need WiFi reaching anywhere you've got a smart device you want to add and run through the mini. It's really that simple. The cool thing about having the app installed on your smart phone is that you can also run the smart devices through your phone anywhere in the world, rather than the dot. I've got the following things running through this dot. 15 lights throughout the house 6 outlets Home Security system Smart thermostat 7 speakers ( no more yelling to find people on different floors) Garage door opener Unreachable window blinds Smart refrigerator Things I'm now able to do with the dot: See inside my frig too see what I need to buy while at the store Access my grocery list Set timers while cooking Get reminders about tasks Adjust the blinds by just saying "Alexa, close the blinds" Leave messages for others in the home Turn on and off special lighting like Christmas trees Turn lights on and off without having to access a switch in the dark Change the temp in the house through the app or by asking the dot Arm and disarm the security system Open and close the garage door in case someone needs to get in and we're not home. Turn the TV on/off change channels, find particular movies, change volume any function you could need to do on your tv. (This uses Fire Stick) Stream music Hear the current and forecasted weather without having to touch my phone Get news in real time Get answers to basically any question you can think of Communicate with others in different areas of the house without having to yell. I'm sure there are many more things I'll add as I continue learning more of what's available and adding more smart devices. All in all, I love this and have found it to be a very handy and fun item to have. The only negative thing I could add is that adding other smart light bulbs is rather costly, expect to pay. I definitely recommend the dot though


  I bought this for my grandson and set it up to make sure it worked ok.....and ended up keeping it myself and getting him another one.  I love it.  So far I have used mine to check the weather and the temperature in the mornings before I walk the dog.  I have used it as a wake up alarm, a timer for cooking and to make shopping lists as I remember items I need.  This list then appears on my phone to be used when shopping!  I also use it to listen to music when I am cooking or cleaning.  The grandkids love asking it questions and have had hours of amusement from it so far.  Definitely recommend it for all these reasons...and hopefully Ill find many more as I go...


  Having had trouble with the earlier echo dot, to the point it has driven me crazy that it understood no commands at times, I tried to convince myself I was mad buying a 3rd generation.Well I do no regret it. Just this is now mine, in my room. My son can have the other one.The sound is so much better on this, had to increase music subscription as I had just for first echo dot. The bass is brill.Commands are heard and carried out accurately.And I have back my joy in  echo dot, instead of thinking of getting the sledge hammer as I do to the 2nd generation.And at the offer price, you would be a fool not to also upgrade. Even with different speakers the 2generation cannot match the 3rd  generation music quality.


  I first came across Alexa in my local café That’s when I decided to get one, In my opinion it takes the place of the radio There is one particular radio station that I like I can get it on my car radio but not the radio in my house.And the good thing you have no fiddling with knobs or any.thing you can have whatever you want to listen to By just asking Alexa. So useful for the older generation which I am one of .Don’t be put off by setting it up I managed to do mine myself but if you can’t get somebody else to do it for you you’ll never regret it.100% recommended.


  Originally needed to replace an old clock radio in the bedroom - I know not the usual starting point! Amazon was doing a very good offer for a pair that made them cheaper than any reasonable clock radio, so I thought I would give it a go. What a revelation and, of course, no worries about radio reception or aerial placement. Voice control is spot on, "reception" is through wifi and broadband and no peering through the gloom at night to see the time. Sound quality is fine for such a small device. Not even scratching the surface of its capability - plenty of time to find out.


  I bought this after much thought and as a change from the dreadful "Cortana" Microsoft offer on their devices.. only issue was the amount of time it took to connect it to my infinity router.. it has done now and it's great!!Sound quality surprised me given the size of it and being able to set reminders.. check weather and TV guide just by asking "Alexa" to do it for me is wonderful.. it has gone offline a couple of times but that was my internet provider not the device itself. Please sort the connection issue out that's all I ask of you apart from that...Well done Amazon


  Trying to find the Alexa app was a bit of a faff... I had to go through Google as my app finder in Huawei Lite didn't list it.  The set-up is a bit rubbish on the app, with poor programming by Amazon team.  The Echo Dot did a better job all on its own, once it could connect with the internet.  The App seems a rather crap way of setting up and it was unavailable for my Apple desk-top computer... why can't one just do it through ones Amazon account?  Once running, Alexa is quite marvellous however.  I'm glad I took the plunge and bought it.  I have also ordered one of those Alexa things that looks like a plug, that you just plug in... for my bedroom.


  I have wanted an Echo Dot for some time and got it for Christmas. I find the device easy to use and does exactly as I want, e.g setting timers, reminders, events and much much more... I aslo have the EFamily light auto switch that I use with my Echo Dot. The only issues I really find is that there is sometimes a delay from command to action of around 10-15 secs and my flat is very small so it is close so feel there should not be this delay, Although, I must say this is a rare occurance. I aslo find if I am not direcly infront of the device and I say "Alexa" she will respond by lighing up lasting about a second and then goes off not allowing me to give any command although when I ask "Alexa what's the matter" she will respond " All appears to be working correcly" Some apps are also buggy meaning after the command she will respond the app will crash and she will go back to sleep (or maybe she does not fancy listening to me today and wants a lie in) :)  These issues for me are very small and I am sure they will be ironed out in the end.  A.I is reletivly new after all. Over all looks fab, sounds fab and makes life so much easier and who doesn't want that?


  What an eye opener. I've been aware of Alexa for some time of course, but have never considered using it. Then this Echo was bought for me as a present so with some skepticism I set it up, and it is now probably the most used piece of tech in the house. The kitchen radio (which cost many times more than the Echo) is now redundant. The voice recognition is superb, even for a Yorkshireman! I have now bought another 2 for the bedrooms replacing the alarm clocks and they interconnect seamlessly. I'm currently looking at other devices that can be controlled by Alexa such as lights, sockets, thermostats. This small device has truly made voice control a reality.


  Bought this on a special offer as a sort of joke, as my husband keeps asking me awkward questions when I'm in the middle of something. I thought, he can ask Alexa instead!. The music sound is much better than I had expected, though of course nowhere close to our Sonos speaker. Took a little while to get it to play from our Spotify account as we do not wish to change to Amazon Music, but we got there in the end. We're slowly getting used to using it for information etc, and I've just set up some Nooie smart plugs for some lights in place of timers, which is proving very useful. So far, so good, but I think we will be finding more uses for Alexa as time goes on.


  Altho i adore design, sound quality, but me and Alexa dont get a long too well. I am using it everyday, it is very handy, but i think she doesnt like me much. She likes to hear what she want sometimes (does not what i asked, plays different song etc). And her voice sounds like she got a flu. Also often cant connect Amazon music to Alexa if i decide to play songs from my phone. Anyways, your main competitor, which i own aswell (bless promotions) seems to understand me perfectly and it feels more like talking to human (tho design and sound quality not so attractive). Anyways thats just my 5 cents, still like it, but also i started to swear a lot :)


  I had her  thinking about getting one for a while but wasn't sure if I would really use it is not. I then saw the great better than half price deal and that was that.  Really easy to set up, it's great to have someone to talk to when my moody teenager just grunts! I've put her in the kitchen as that's where I feel she is of more use to me. The sound quality is good, but if she is too high when playing music it does sound a bit tinny. My other half has had so much fun when he comes over, asking for all sorts if weird and wonderful music that he has one under the tree too.


  This is great price product.Alexa is so funny. She can occusssionally crash if you dont speak clear enough to her.But i love the variety of things you can do with her. Asking about the weather, news, playing music, sorting your shopping lists, play games with her, do questions with her. Its such a inteligent technolodgy and well worth a buy.You have to pay for amazon unlimited music for her to play some songs. But i recommend just getting her to play the radio for you. Very happy customer.


  We already had the 2nd generation version of this that we connected to a speaker when we played music because the sound could be a bit tinny. It was a decent size and unobtrusive though, which we likedWe heard the sound on this generation was better so we took the plunge and bought one. We weren't disappointed, the sound is much better, it looks better too, and comes in different colours. We know this because we bought a third one in a different colour!Do we recommend it? The fact that we have three speaks for itself I think


  Clever Technology but Alexa doesn't know everything and is quite polite about it!  The speaker must be setup using a smartphone app.  In app purchases are offered based on your 'conversations'.  Music can be played from your personal Amazon music library, otherwise a subscription is needed. It be integrated with smart home products e.g. Hive.  To make phone calls Alexa will need to link to your smartphone directory.  'She' also stores your voice messages after hearing the word 'Alexa'.  These can be deleted manually, but we can never be sure what info is collected over the 'ether'!  If one is in any doubt, just unplug it speaker when not in use!


  It’s great when you subscribe to Apple Music or similar ...sound and volume is spot on but be careful when you are requesting a playlist whatever you name your playlist can’t be anything similar to a record ever made or artist!Example ....Alexa play Jonny’s playlistAlexa ....playing Jonny  CashMe ....changed name of playlistAlexa ....play Jons playlistAlexa ...playing Elton JohnAgain changed name of playlistAlexa play Frog playlistAlexa ....playing FrogAnd if you are going to ask her anything more complicated than what’s the weather like in LondonForget it ....you’d be better off ringing me :)


  These are fantastic little things and really handy. I find myself using mine more and more for things I didn't think of when I bought it, such as an oven timer, reminders for everything as well as the news and weather, you can also connect your phone via Bluetooth.Absolutely brilliant idea for voice controlling your home. With a few advancements, which will probably come soon, such as directly calling dot to dot these will be absolutely brilliant for people who have hand/arm mobility issues, just need to add wifi calling.


  This is the third Eco Dot in my house and this little device has considerably enhanced my quality of life.  As an elderly person who has been living alone and without visitors since lockdown began, my problems with severe arthritis have been  made much better by this little machine. I can listen to music, the radio and audio books through voice commands only. It also tells me the timeI cannot recommend this too highly for anyone with restricted mobility.


  Having long given up on my DAB radio due its poor signal strength and low sound quality I forgot how much I missed listening to the radio. The fact that I can go between BBC stations with abandon by saying "Alexa play Radio 4" and set a timer from the comfort of bed by saying "Alexa sleep in 30 minutes" is pretty awesome.For pure utility, sound quality (surprisingly good base for size) and ease of use this easily out performs any similarly priced traditional radio and has reignited my long lost joy in radio.If you are interested in home automation etc. then that adds a whole load of extra utility to a product that for me is already near perfect.


  I initially purchased the Google home mini but I couldn’t get used to it and never really used it, so I decided to buy the Echo Dot.  Initially I thought it was no difference between the google home mini but once I had set everything up I soon noticed the difference and there were a lot more features and amazon sends me prompts to remind me what the echo can do, which I find really useful.  The sound on the echo for it rally good and very clear with a great range when playing music.  I really like to feature of calling the Echo Dot and broadcasting a voice message.


  This was a present for our 7 year old daughter, mainly so she could have music on and stories in her bedroom. It now moves around the house so I think we will buy another soon!Our 18m old has it in her room for her lullabies playlist using Spotify. She tries to yell Alexa, but it doesn’t work yet!I use it in the kitchen for the radio whilst cooking, and have also begun using the Body Coach work out app, and it’s fab, I’ve lost an inch off my waist in just over a week of using it daily!It then goes back to my eldests room and she gets woken up every morning by her favourite songs!I know we definitely aren’t using it to it’s full potential yet but from what I’ve seen it’s brilliant.Even my mum who is a technophobe has bought one!One flaw; my daughter asked Alexa to sing baby shark. Gotta say, she almost went in the bin!


  Absolutely love Alexa! Features I have used so far: morning news; Alexa finding various radio stations & music from my Amazon music account; the shopping list feature (my device is in the kitchen & I add things as I run out); weather forecast; Alexa telling me jokes; use of the Internet ie asking Alexa questions and Alexa making a phone call for me. LOVE IT! LOVE IT! LOVE IT! It will only get better & better! I will probably get another one for the living room! If you say “Alexa, good morning” she  gives you interesting info about things that happened on that day in previous years.


  I like the way this product is so small that I have been able to attach it to my wall without taking any footprint up at all. This Alexa may also be smaller than my last two, but it's quality of sound whilst playing my music is still just as good and just as powerful as the first full size echo I have. I would highly recommend this product. And have bought one recently for a friend who ends up falling out of bed and getting hurt stretching over to turn their alarm off. In future all this person will need to do is say Alexa stop. Which seems alot more safer for them.


  Brought for my son, to help him with home schooling, music and fun. He loves her, she wakes him up in the morning, plays the music he loves, ( instead of old people music, like his mum likes) answers his questions that his silly mum can not answer. She was very easy to set up, and sits nicely in his room. He is still learning all the different functions she can do, but there are so many things Alexa can do the learning never ends.Great price, would recommend.


  This is the first smart speaker we have owned and loving it so far.  So convenient to find information, do random tasks and we use it mostly for playing music.  Really cost effective way of setting up multi room music.  Impressed with the sound quality, much better than we expected.  Don't understand the problems people are having with privacy as there are so many customisable settings to suit your environment that the only reason to really have privacy problems is if you haven't looked through all your options and if you don't review your information correctly.


  The first Echo I was sent had a dodgy ring light. It flashed on and off a lot and sometimes didn’t even light up at all. I messaged Amazon and they sent me a new one immediately.This one was perfect, plus they had already registered the new one to my account so when I plugged it in it was ready to go!I used the faulty one to test the multi-speaker functions and had a little fun telling one Alexa to make the other one do skills etc. They worked flawlessly together, speakers were in-sync perfectly despite being in separate rooms.Then I returned the one with the faulty light (which cost me nothing)5 stars are not only for the Echo itself but also the customer service and the speed in which they helped me when one was faulty.Definitely recommend!!!


  I was interested to obtain Echo Dot to connect and enjoy Amazon Prime music. Very impressed with the quality, had a few problems in setting up to iCloud for linking calendar etc. The instructions we’re a bit scant, so I asked Alexa how to do it, which only referred me to settings and feedback. After a few attempts I could not understand why the light on the Echo Dot was remaining yellow. So left it overnight to reload  it the following morning. Everything the next day was working fine, so I assumed that it took some time for the system to connect and transfer. All appears to by fine & working well now.


  For a first time Alexa user this unit was a great way for introduction. I was so impressed by it I bought another one and an Echo show. The sound quality is brilliant and can be easily adjusted via the app to allow more midrange and tops and drop the bass down slightly if you want to listen to spoken word. It really is a great little thing. Well built and the speaker is more than sufficient in a medium sized room. It has the flexibility of being able to upgrade to use an external speaker via the lead socket. Great thing, great price, fast delivery and well worth the money.


  Two points to set the scene for review. 1. I am not a gadget or indeed specifically techie interested and am 73. 2. I gave 5 for sound quality but do not expect full audio system sound for music. The sound quality for this small device and for its intended purpose is excellent.I bought two devices and found the set up very easy. There is enough quick start info included in the box and Alexa helps with initial set up. The multi room set up is easy and excellent. I also found it easy using Echo blue tooth feature to pair with my soundbar for listening to music, but to be honest Echo dot on its own is perfectly adequate. For more serious listening I linked Echo dot to my Sonos speakers (Not the new ones with Alexa included) in the conservatory and using the Sonos app it took seconds and was extremely simple.The Amazon Alexa app is required for set up but it is really useful for further personalising settings and has lots of great help information.I particularly like the Dot calling, messaging and alarm/timer/reminder and Announcement features. Tried them all successfullyAlexa works well at voice recognition but you need to experiment with some commands to avoid negative responses. For example when I asked to play Beethoven 9th Symphony, Alexa replied not in music library. I tried Beethoven Symphony number 9 and it was found and played immediately. So, be patient, remember its a machine and enjoy experimenting. Machine perhaps but "she" is a lot of fun to interact with too.As an introduction to voice activated smart speaker technology Echo Dot is really excellent for the surprisingly low price.


  I got my Echo Dot under the special offer Amazon was running for only 99p.I have owned an Amazon Echo for a fewyears now and have been impressed with it especially the sound quality.I was not hoping for too much in the sound department from this small device but I have been really impressed with it. True it does not have the bass response like the Echo does but overall it is a decent enough sound. I use mine in a conservatory while I am using my computer and it does just fine, all the other features work just as they should and like their bigger conterparts.Overall I am very impressed and now looking to getting one for the bedroom.


  I had been considering taking the five inti smart technology for quite some time, and stumbled upon the Echo Dot while shopping with some amazon vouchers I got for Christmas.Since I had nothing to lose, I decided to give it a go.The Echo dot surpassed my expectations in every way. Great sound quality for such a small device.The Smart functions have taken a while to get used to, but having set up several routines, and even investing in "smart lightbulbs"It now feels like I am living in the future, and talking to lightbulbs. Maybe that makes me crazy? Or maybe I just need to get out more.. only time will tell


  I bought this item to go alongside an Echo spot and Echo for a smart home across multiple levels and rooms. This was a very cheap and cost effective smart speaker which I still use daily almost two years later. I great device for listening to music or communicating to other speakers (at home or to family and friends).The sound quality is very impressive for the price and size of this product. Alexa devices do take some practise initially to get your head around but then soon become a part of daily life.


  I have several of these devices through the home. I bought this with the clock to replace old dot and alarm clock. First one I received would not connect to my wifi, tried all their suggestions but kept getting the purple light of failure, so I thought it was faulty and sent it back. Got another and had same set-up issues. I was trying to set it up via the app on my iPhone, this it would seem is the problem, when I opened the Alexa app on my old android it set- up straight away.So after all the fuss it’s a nice little addition to our collection.


  I have Amazon Prime. I bought Echo Dot simply to use as a music player on a different floor in my house. I bought it thinking that it would probably be difficult to set up and require much more patience and knowledge of techie stuff than I have. It is a complete doddle and requires no brain at all. I had no idea that I was buying a world of other possibilities for information, storing shopping lists, buying stuff, setting alarms and so many other etceteras! And I haven't even spent the time yet, to find out what more it can do. I love it and it's worth triple the money I reckon.


  I got this to try as it was such a good deal on prime day, now I want one for every room of the house! It’s so useful and so intelligent (especially for the price), the sound quality is excellent. Alexa is situated in our living room but can hear me from the kitchen and upstairs. It’s integrated well into my music, audible and fire stick.Added bonus - it is excellent for learning a language as Alexa gives you feedback when you repeat phrases.The only cons for me- sometimes Alexa doesn’t understand me, especially when I’m saying the name of a long playlist. But it learns all the time so this is getting better.- if you have just one and take it into different rooms, it takes times to turn back on (just a few minutes) before it’s ready to go againBut these are really minor things.100% recommend - a few people have taken my word for it and are now feeling the love.


  My 14 year old son had Alexa on his kindle but turned her off! So when he got this for Christmas he was not impressed. That was until I set it up and said Alexa play Panic at the disco and the sound quality is so much better than the youtube songs he listens to on his kindle. He has set his morning alarm on it and I hear him asking Alexa questions like how many days until Wednesday 17th January and how to spell words. He is now a converted Alexa fan (he even says thank you when she responds - cute!) I am impressed too so I have ordered one. Great value in the sale at £25 can't wait to get started.


  I connected 'Alexa' via my kindle to an amp and speakers, and it sounded flipping awful! I thought that it was just Alexa, but no - kindle is not good at audio! I bought this just to find out, especially as it's so cheap, and boom! Excellent quality to my kitchen system, which naturally I use most of the time. I got another one for the bedroom, and with a wifi extender now get wonderful quality sound on my bedroom system. Does it make us lazy? Probably, but saying 'good morning' to Alexa, and having a pleasant little chat in response, sometimes with a dreadful joke, asking todays weather where I'm working, or the news headlines prior to the chosen radio station are all features that become valued.


  I love my echo it understood my voice straight out of the box’s it has answered all my questions so far , we are primemembers so it has played my prime music no problem , played radio 4 , read my audible books ( I do not pay asubscription for audible or music , I buy audible book when I chose also with prime music I have access to loadsof music without a monthly subscription I just pay my yearly prime which gives me access to lots of books andvideo also) The price I paid for my dot was really a steal well worth the price , would recommend


  my first alexa, will nto be my last as i will likley have 2 or 3 round the house, so far it's great, in my humble opinion however more music sources would be good (free) as either amazon or spotify are a bit limiting esp. as to get the best functionality you need to pay for each service. thogh dispite this the servie is still useable for teh most part and pretty good. also going to get an interactive light fitting and maybe plugs as i want the fun of turning off the kids TV and lights randomly (lol)


  This is a basic speaker - which has voice recognition, this alone gives 1000 of options from the basic asking the weather, to controlling smart plugs, playing music trivia with the kids. The unit required minimum technical knowledge in terms of setup, but linked to your amazon account tracks orders delivery times and has prompted to advise what on the route, If big brother, cybersecurity paranoia is not a concern for you, then this is a great product that may result in placing expensive music systems in the attic for the convenience to swap radio stations, adjust the volume set timers ( and 1000 of other option ). This is like using Sky plus for the first time or a sat nav for the first time, You can manually do the same with radio, or Bluetooth speaker but this has the integration to make life easy, certainly a winner.


  I find it amazing! It is so simple to use and so effective. After years of being landed with technology that was supposed to be more advanced with greater functionality but was in fact difficult to use and unreliable, Echo Dot gives me real hope that new technology will work for me rather than against. I can’t speak highly enough about it. My wife and I are using it all the time.One minor point is that it is a new concept that will benefit greatly from further development. The classical music that is available is very patchy which is as much a problem with Amazon Music Unlimited which sadly is rather too limited. Also, to be really helpful Alexa needs to know the answers to questions that are available somewhere on the internet but aren’t easily accessible.Despite this minor caveat Echo Dot is a brilliant product and I recommend it to anyone, particularly those like me who are well into their seventies.


  The Echo Dot is great, we ordered one for our daughter as a trial run and it was really good, so we ordered one for ourselves.  Having used it for a few days we thought we would get another one for the Living Room, however Amazon refuses it, due to the fact we had purchased our allowance?  Apparently it is something Amazon do you stop businesses buying in bulk, although I’m not sure whether three purchased on different days constitutes “bulk”.  The benefit of the Echo is you can link them together, so if you wanted to play music throughout the house, you can get Alexa to play the same song through the other Echo devises, however we will have to wait until we are allowed to purchase another one to try that out fully!


  I purchased this Echo dot 3rd generation for my office upstairs which is a small room so I thought the standard echo would be too powerful for the space. I am very pleased with my decision as it is perfect for my purposes, the new speaker is more powerful than the standard dot giving a good bass tone. I use mine on volume level 3 so there is plenty more left in the tank if I wished to pump up the volume between emails. The voice recognition is far better than before as it has 4 microphones to pick up your speech. This is a much improved model and worth every penny but its worth holding on for the offers as they regularly are on sale at 30 pounds so patience is a virtue.


  I bought this as an upgrade for my failing gen 2 Echo Dot. Such a huge leap forward in sound quality!The sound is warmer and more rich while still being clear for voice too.Feels a shame to have moved away from USB power and onto a dedicated wall plug - I'd hoped to power this from the same USB charging hub as the previous one but that wasn't to be.Overall, it's an Alexa device so we know it's got good integration, good voice recognition (on par with any other), and is well built.I particularly like having it connected up to my fire TV stick to control the TV when we've misplaced the TV remote.


  Alexa is the best speaker I've ever bought!! It's louder than I thought it would be too. You can ask for any music (aslong as you have Amazon music or a similar subscription) playlists, albums. You can ask her what's the weather anywhere in the world, ask her the questions you want to ask Google, set timers when cooking.You can play games with her I've only played movie trivia and music trivia.There's fun questions to ask too!I currently ask how many days till Christmas!


  Wow! All I can think is Wow! It was only two years ago I purchased an Echo Dot for my husband for Christmas and was setting it up before wrapping it and placing it under the tree. It wasn't the hardest device to set up but delays in recognition made it a little frustrating. Well, we both fell in love with "She Who Cannot Be Named" and gradually added to our collection. When we saw how low the prices of the Echo Dot were for Black Friday, we purchased our sixth because we decided me absolutely NEEDED one for the kitchen. It arrived (over a week early) on Saturday but, being busy, I kept putting off setting it up. I just decided I had enough time to do it and could not believe just how easy the 3rd generation is to set up. I plugged it into the power supply and that is ALL I had to do except give our new little dot her name.


  Beware if you buy anything from Amazon and the speaker is connected to your account, anyone can check what you have bought or is to be delivered! But luckily you can turn that off in the Alexa app. :)We have both Google home and Alexa at home. But do lot of same things, but have their differences. If you are Amazon fan with Prime, Music, Video etc Alexa is for you. This speaker has similar sound quality as the Google home mini, I think a notch more bassy darker sound. Easy to connect and use. Bought is with an earlier offer so price was brilliant.


  We have around about six of these dots in the house. I have a large house and four children are use it a lot to cool them down for dinner. I also love the one in the kitchen and listen to music and  updates on the news. Also my children uses it in their bedroom when they’re doing homework how to spell words etc.  However to listen to music and to get a variety of music you do have to have prime. If I did not have prime I think I would not like these as much.


  This was a gift. As well as using this for information, you can link to your music, radio and even use as an intercom if you have more than one unit. I also find the shopping list helpful as I can also view it on the app on my phone - no more shopping list left at home! I also check traffic before travelling and can easily check cinema showings without using the internet - just ask Alexa.  You can receive notifications with features and suggestions including fun things. Didn't think I needed one but couldn't do without it now.


  What a great intelligent speaker. This is much better and improved compared to earlier one that I also have. Added this to another room, the sound is much better and depth is there. I like Echo and Alexa much better than Google simple because it is easier to operate and has more skills ( or rather I  have been able to explore more on Alexa). Looks good and catches voice from far. Would have been good if there is a way to use it with battery / on the go to make a portable speaker as well!


  We absolutely love our alexa and nearly have one in every room mostly brought through different deals , now we added alexa compatible plugs it's all fun and games lol, on serious note I can turn my kids lights and xbox on and off which is brilliant, we love the games and music, I brought them for my older adult kids have them in there homes and my younger ones just call them to chat or send messages, and of course a multitude of information for when my kids ask mum "when was the tallest building built" ect ect we just ask alexa , we play a few on the games over dinner especially the true or false game, amazing bit of kit


  Fantastic - straight out of the package and off it went!Paired it with my echo plus So it controls everything the echo plus does in whatever room you put them in.Also paired it with speaker group (echo dots and echo plus ) with voice control “everywhere’ so music plays in every room (this can be controlled of course, just instead of saying the command ‘everywhere’ you can select a room instead - ie “kitchen’So now I can have same music in every room (which I want) and control all my smart lights etc from any room - lovely bit of kit.


  So this is my 3rd Alexa enables speaker - my first is a generic one which I like and has good sound on it - I also have a second generation echo dor which I am also happy with - so this is a third generation and the sound quality has improved and the charcoal furry cover means it looks pretty cute too and it definitely fits in my sad old grey house. It does what it should and plays music nice and loud plus links to my tv system via Bluetooth. Alexa is as always my faithful friend and turns my lights and tv on with absimple voice control - she's also very polite and whilst we don't hold overly intelligent conversations she says a lot more to me than my almost-teenage son so that's a bonus - def recommend (to quote my boy - it's savage)


  We got our Echo free through a deal with British Gas as we are in the Customer Care Scheme. Our son has a first generation Echo and was immediately impressed by the improvement in sound quality. We were so impressed by the overall quality of the product that we bought two more during the Prime Deal promotion, as we have Prime membership. We got these as gifts for our daughters and they are very impressed by them. The product itself is small and discreet, with excellent sound quality for such a small device. We have the charcoal grey cover, but it does come in a small range of other options. It is very responsive to commands, my only criticism being that if I speak to it when my Fire is nearby and switched on then that responds as well, and the sound quality on that device is not nearly as good! My Roberts DAB digital radio, although excellent, has now been consigned to upstairs and we use our Echo all day. My husband is especially pleased that he doesn't have to fiddle with buttons and dials.


  Amazon have done really well with this new gen! As an owner of the original there has been vast changes to the new one, the biggest being the sound! It is so much louder it works well as a speaker in its own right and do not feel the need to connect a secondary sound system, the look and feel of it is also vastly improved and picks up your voice better due to the extra mic holes 4 on the new one vs the single one on the old model, heavily considering ordering a second! I hardly used the original but can see myself using this one a lot.


  This is our third Echo device added to our home. I have a Echo, and bought a Dot for our bedroom. This one has been bought for the kitchen, so we can have music while cooking and dinning. The Echo Dot is fantastic. Its well build and some with packaging that would put Apple to shame. Its a look device to relieve and unbox.  The sound quality for the size is amazing. For everything else, it just works. Some people dont think they need one, well buy one, and see how it goes. It is also not a fad, it not something that you will forget about and allow to gather dust. Recommended 100%. Great device. Forget about other Smart Speakers, just go for the best.


  the echo dot/alexa, is brilliant, we can play any radio station, or any song just by asking it. anything you need to know, for instance where dimchurch is, just ask alexa. we have one lifx alexa compatible light bulb, bought with it, which is brilliant, however to buy anymore they are around £30 each which is a bit steep. I would like to set the heating up to be controlled by alexa, however it's £250 - £300 for the smart thermostat, and then £70 - 100 for installation, and that's if the council ok it ! alexa is great for some, but to me, it's another expensive toy that I can live without.


  I have a lovely speaker I was using to connect to my laptop and my phone but it just stopped connecting and I was fed up of having to carry laptop/phone to the speaker. I've wanted a radio in the kitchen for months. I can not cope with setting up new things, but I finally got this out of the box and set it up within minutes.  It was soo easy!!! I asked the Dot to play my Gym playlist and it DID IT!!!I'm looking at buying another one for my bed room, play my relaxing night time playlist.I can use it without having the tall Alexa. I had thought the Dot was an add-on to the smart home items that you needed the tall Alexa as a hub/ base.


  I love it and bought it on Black Friday so only paid £16 each dot !  So I bought two !It is great , but it does not always follow my directions eg Alexa play radio 4. And I get bbc radio York !  I have received pronounciation so Alexa does not always pick up your voice !  It switches up and down volume easily !  But sometimes the adjustment is not enough , ask it to lower and it’s too quiet , then ask it to raise volume and it goes too loud !  It sets alarms easily ! But sometimes is a bit chatty when you want Alexa to shut up!


  Firstly, the Echo Dot (3rd Gen) looks impressive and is relatively heavy for such a small device. The set up instructions are easy to follow and it only takes minutes to get up and running. The weight and non-slip base helps produce a good sound for both voice and music. The Echo Dot becomes an internet radio if you so wish - a lot cheaper and more versatile than buying a dedicated internet radio. Echo skills (e.g. "apps" for music, radio channels and other functions) are simple to add via the Alexa App on a smart phone or tablet. It is also possible and easy to configure control of smart switches and other smart devices. One can also create skills oneself to customise Alexa to perform additional functions not available in the skills library. I am most impressed with the Echo Dot and would recommend this to anyone with an internet connection, the internet is essential for operation of this device.


  I absolutely love this device! So easy to use and lots of fun to be had! The set up is pretty straight forward but did take me a couple of attempts but it not difficult by any means.. connecting it to bits in the house is easy and once you know what to ask it it’s a fabulous bit of kit! The speaker quality is very good with great sound the mic is sensitive enough to pick up our voices from across the house, I’m always talking about it and would recommend to anyone as it’s easy to turn on a radio station just by asking it or what time the match is on turn on a light or a switch or even your heating! I like the games you can play on it like the escape the room series it’s better than even I thought it would be and so happy that I made the choice to get one! I love it!!.


  I'm still learning ( along with Alexa it would seem lol) and I'm having a whole lot of fun in doing so.My cousin has a Dot too so we've been making good use of the calls and messages.Our parents will also be treated to the Dot from Santa & we think it's a great way for us all to keep in touch. I've even managed to personlise mine & am learning something new every day. The quizzes and facts are fun too. I've yet to venture into the smart bulbs & plugs but everything I've read has been mostly positive. I'd totally recommend getting one.  Edited to say I'd been taking my Dot upstairs every night when going to bed but I've solved that by buying a 2nd Dot I've also got 2 bulbs & they are very helpful eg: I don't have to get out of bed to put the lamp off I've been making good use of "her" making calls/messaging/playing games/music & asking for information on a host of things. I would even go as far as anyone living alone then "she" can keep you company. 10/10 from me 


  Still getting to grips with our Dot but it's working well so far. Unfortunately hubby's phone too basic for Alexa app so it had to go on mine. Unable to play his music as a result but can access Amazon music and play groups he likes from there. Not too bad to set up but I struggled a little as I'm a bit of a dinosaur when it comes to tech. It may well replace our stereo unit which is too big for our new flat. Sound is amazing and very little interference. Can access a myriad of radio stations and volume control a doddle.


  Great sound for music and calls, I love being able to drop in to other devices around the house to talk to people, or to annoy my other half on the way home from work through the alexa app as "drop in" doesn't require the other end to pick up! It just drops in. Haha. Just to point out though you can only drop in to your own devices, not other peoples.With the help of smart devices like bulbs, plugs heaters etc, you can easily automate your home.Recommend searching youtube for alexa tips and tricks for a lot of easy home automation ideas.


  I found this item really useful.  I was not certain what we were going to use it for, but was quite pleased to find that it is great of listening to music - for a small unit the sound was quite rich.  Since we've had it, we have used to to check the local weather, the news, and even to help solve crossword puzzles.  Well worth the money for the fun it provides.  Some connections to other gadgets have been a bit of a learning curve, but it's all worked out really well. Pleased we got it.  Reasonably priced, I think it would make a good present..


  The Echo Dot (3rd Gen) was a gift to match one my daughter has in her bedroom, so we can talk to each other without having to move from one end of a large house to the other. It has come in very useful and also enjoyable to use. It keeps us informed about our Amazon deliveries, plays any song we want to listen too and gives an accurate weather forecast and traffic conditions. Also, helpful when doing crosswords, I have only recently got to practice on it so am learning all the time now about what I can use it for. So far, so good.


  The echo dot is amazing, however, with every great thing there’s room for improvement such as the skills it preformed, but is brilliant for a uni student, and a dyslexic student at that, it’s somehow learnt that I stutter occasionally and still preforms the action I want it to do, this wasn’t the case at first but it soon learnt, I ask it to spell, I ask it to pronounce, I ask it definitions and all I can see from the activity log and tells me it’s source, although it does prefer wiki, which is a little bit of a let down, I can adjust the bass, treble etc so when everyone is in bed, it doesn’t wake them up. I really like it and have it connected with my light bulb, for laziness reasons I don’t really turn my light off and with just say Alexa, turn off the light, it preforms the action nearly immediately. Well done amazon!


  Purchased a couple of these a month after I bought the Echo, I have one in the bedroom and one in my home office.Great for multi room music and for an item that is a lot smaller than the Echo the quality is surprisingly good.The one in the bedroom controls my TV, lights, lamps and fan.  All I need now is for it to fetch my coffee in the morning and I'll be one happy bunny.I use the other one in the office for spotify, the radio, setting appointments, opening programs on my PC, setting the PC to sleep and awake and for controlling my LED mood lighting.We have also used it to set the lights on a timer when we have been on holidays.Used every day without fail I would certainly recommend.


  Amazingly easy to set up via the Alexa app. Compact and unobstrusive.  Confusing yellow light which took a Google search to identify as a message, the app didn't seem to know. Great sound from streaming music but only radio available unless you subscribe although you can connect via Bluetooth from your phone which saved the day.  She isn't great at the Geordie accent so my diction has improved but loving her turning on the lights when I tell her it's getting dark, and off when I tell her it's bedtime. Amazon Alexa plugs so easy to set up. Cheaper versions are a nightmare! Quite  good depth of knowledge when asked questions and perfect for news, weather,  etc. Would recommend 'Things to Try on the app to make the most of her.


  This is brilliant, easy to set up however just make you sure can get the Alexa app on your phone or tablet min 10iOS, the quality of the speaker and sound is excellent for such a compact computer, it has plenty of options and facilities all built in, wake Alexa up and you quickly learn the things advertised might start off as useful gimmicks but you soon realise you can explore many more things, the choices are brilliant, you can increase or reduce the volume, access and change radio channels, as Alexa for the weather virtually anywhere, with my Amazon music it accesses 100's of music options, make lists, set reminders, timers and all sorts, really useful and plenty more, it is adaptable to other Alexa items.


  Had to replace my echo gen 3 as could not get a replacement adaptor for it. Amazon this is very disappointing..see your forum feedback re: this issue.However echo dot replacement ones are available easily.  Luckily this was put on offer so didn't have to pay full price, like the small size of this one, sound seems as good as my previous one although Alexa doesn't seem to respond as well.  A few niggles with her, hover not complaining for the price paid. Love it!


   I bought this Alex Gen 3 to replace my Alexa Gen 2 on Black Friday 2018. The price was interesting with the discount. I wouldn’t pay full price for this item for its size and features.Over the years it’s worked well with my setup using smart bulbs and switches.As of recently it has had a few issues were it required resetting due to poor voice recognition and sound quality where music being played back had white noise interference!Overall I look forward to the Gen 4 being hopefully more powerful whilst still being affordable. Would definitely recommend if starting out or wanting added ease (laziness) when paired with smart bulbs or switches.


  Just starting to get to grips with my new 'toy'.  Early learning days but enjoying the learning process which is a good challenge for a lady in her 70s.  I know that i want to get at least one more echo dot for my bedside to listen to my Audible books.  The speaker has excellent sound, so much so that i have disposed of my old radio!  The only thing i would say was a slight problem was the length of the charger cable - too short.  I don't want to have another extension cable in the room so another 30 cm would have been so much better.


  I received the Echo Dot 3rd Generation as a Christmas present. I have a Sony and also an Evoke Bluetooth speaker set up and didn’t initially see a use for this. However! This is a lovely bit of kit. I’ve set up a few rooms with smart lights and plugs and it is amazing how quickly I’ve got gotten used to it. The sound quality is fine and the voice recognition works a treat. I bought a wall mount to keep it tidy and I can’t recommend it enough. Update - I bought an additional 2 Echo Dots for around the house as I like it that much!


  This a much better product that the previous model. (I have both). It looks better and sounds much better. The bluetooth range is much better. I use mine to listen to BBC radio and podcast via BBC sounds. I connect the dot to a Ultimate ears BOOM 3 bluetooth speaker and can easily take the speaker 5m away into a different room. When I am beside the dot I use the dot on it own as the sound quality is good. The whole Alexa system is not as good as the Google voice assistant, but it is catching up. I don't think they are worth the full price. However Amazon do put them on offer very often and they are well worth the reduced prices.


  Alexa, write a review of Echo Dot 3 for me...tell them you're one heck of a piece of technology, let them know voice recognition was once the stuff of science fiction and yet you do it almost to perfection, say it's easy to integrate my Bose surround speaker to improve what is already a decent sound,  let them know you can connect to all my favourite radio stations, remind them that you can tell me when I have an appointment, say you can give me the latest news and weather and make sure they know you can do the washing up. Oh, and tell jokes.


  This is my 2nd Amazon Dot for my home -  have purchased this to add to my collection of smart gadgets. This is a 3rd Gen device - so looks a lot different compared to my first model - and sounds a lot better too. Its so easy to set up - a child could do it. It was unpackaged and set up within ten minutes - a doddle. I've used this quite a bit since setting it up - been playing music through it, and it definitely sounds a lot better than the sound from the 1st Gen device - so that is a big plus. Can highly recommend this, if you are thinking of purchasing an Echo Dot. You won't be disappointed.


  this is a great handy gadget to have round the house and the more the merrier. Its not just a music player it has many abilities when tied into other compatible devices, eg... finding tv programs, making shopping list, setting reminders.. However.... I have Amazon Prime so all Amazon devices are linked to my account which is fine because I use Amazon household so that every one has access to digital content, but the one GLARING problem with this is.. I am the only one that gets gets notifications sent to my phone via Alexa... This is such a shame because the rest of the household cant access things when out of the house.. I am sure this can be fixed with a simple software update that allows for Alexa to send to multiple phones


  I’m using my echo dot in a wooden garage the sound quality and volume is brilliant, this little speaker delivers quite a punch for its size and if your like me always got oily hands the voice control is so handy especially when laying underneath the car this is also great from a safety point of view if there was some kind of accident you can drop in on other Alexa devices that you have setup or even call someone for help from Alexa.This will be a great addition to my BBQ gatherings as background music from anywhere in the world.My WiFi isn’t great outdoors but one of them WiFi extender scockets work great with this. Obviously Keeping her clean could be an issue especially when doing metal work but a nice pair of tights over her should keep her clean and won’t distort the sound.Don’t forget you can get a rechargeable station for the dot (not tried myself yet) you can then mover her around the gearden as you work.If you’re buying this for a son or daughter you will be pleased to know that the volume won’t go annoyingly high ;-)


  Alex is a great gadget, I got mine as a Christmas present with two light bulbs. I put these in the bathroom which now can be switch on and off from the unit. Liking this idea I have now installed a Hive to control the heating through Alexa and an android phone. I have also linked my electric blanket that can be switched on and off again through Alexa or the android phone. A god send when travelling home after a twelve hour night shift. next will be a smart telly and to use Alexa to control the programming recording reminders etc, Negative the kids think its funny to turn the light off when you are using the bathroom LOL


  The only difference between this and the larger echo is with playing music, it doesn’t have the volume or base or the larger ech obviously, but the sound quality is great, nice and clear, good volume for an average size room, all you need really. My personal preference as a big music lover is to have the larger echo in the family room, kitchen if you hang out there, and dot the dots lol around the bedrooms, office if you’re lucky to have one. I love the fact you can drop in one speaker to another and talk around the house, no more shouting my son for tea lol. And the drop in function from your phone when you’re on the go! Great for listening in on your house if you turn the notifications off lol. I sat here a good 20 minutes laughing listening in on my housemate drunk, asleep in bed arguing with police, telling them to just shut his cell door lol. I love the functionality, siri has been made redundant, tells me a reminder has been set so I no longer have to check every 20 seconds to be sure, thanks for that siri. I have a bit of brain damage, i forget words while I’m saying them, I’ll miss words out and struggle to say things in a panic, so far Alexa hasn’t had a problem with me


  Surprisingly good!I purchased my Amazon Echo Dot (gen3) during the Black Friday sales, a bit of an impulse buy to be honest.The main reason was I had also bought a Harmony Remote to replace the sea of buttons that had inhabited my side table for considerable time, the Echo I hoped would add voice control to the Harmony. (I’ll provide details of this in a separate review for the Harmony Remote)So onto the Echo Dot. The device is small and super easy to setup with the accompanying smartphone app, just a matter of plugging it into a power outlet and connecting to WiFi via the app. One thing to note it the lack of any internal battery in the Echo, mains power is required.Music can be provided via several streaming providers directly from the speaker or via Bluetooth connection to a smartphone.As I said the Echo is small but despite its diminutive stature the quality and volume provided is very respectable, with the added ability to connect multiple Echos together for either stereo or multi room and you have an enjoyable, functional smart speaker.Smart functionality is overall surprisingly well integrated with third party apps and devices, app based setup work well but as interactions get more complex you are often at the mercy of the third parties software which can be less reliable than Amazons.Overall an excellent smart speaker for the price, so good if fact I have one in each room downstairs and use the multi room audio daily.Highly recommended!


  My wife says the Alexa echo, sub and dot are the best buys ever.  We use them every day.  I bought the Dot for the bedroom, no regrets at all.  I also bought the stand for the Dot which looks great.  I honestly cannot find any fault.  We spent new years eve at home and Alexa provided all the entertainment we needed.  For any person who lives alone especially the elderly I would more than recommend Alexa products.  I think it would be a great idea if Amazon could offer Amazon Prime at a reduced price to OAP's , especially those with reduced mobility.


  Did not want one but was given my dot as a gift. It’s super! unobtrusive  and of course you only use it if you want too. I now don’t have bright lights from clock alarm glowing during the night or have to switch the radio on. And of course the odd crossword puzzle clue checked out....Give in!PS. Loved it so much I purchased the Echo Dot with a clock as well so I can turn over and see the time ( without waking Alexa!). Lowest light setting.....perfect.


  This is the second Dot my son has bought me, one downstairs and now one upstairs.  I can switch my Hotcup on while I’m in the bedroom and when I get downstairs my tea is brewing nicely.  I have a routine at bedtime that switches off the sitting and dining room lamps and the Hotcup kettle, while switching the bedroom lamp on.  I have an electric clothes airer which I have set to switch off 2 hours after asking Alexa to switch it on - it saves me having to remember not to leave it on for hours!  It is all very satisfying.


  This is great but when you sometimes ask it something, it might not understand you properly and gives you a complete different answer to a question it thought you might have asked. Its like arguing with him off phone jacker. All I can hear is my 5 year old shouting no Alexa, stop! its still fun though.We have bought this as a second device, the first one is the bigger echo, and to be fair for the money, i can't really tell much difference between the two except for the size of the speaker. Sound quality on both is great. So if you're struggling between which size to get, then struggle no more. The difference is only size, not capabilities.


  Absolutely love this device. I now have two and will be getting more in the future so I have one in each room.  It’s a great size as it doesn’t take up too much room but has a great speaker quality. It’s easy to use whether you want to play music or ask Alexa about the weather, time, latest news etc. I often use it to listen to music/radio. Alexa easily understands my commends and requests. Love the grey colour, goes with any decor.  I can’t wait to buy some smart lightbulbs et cetera so I can get Alexa to do more things.  The only thing I wish they would include in the package is some sort of stand/holder for the echo dot. It automatically updates itself too.


  Got this as a proper surprise birthday present...and I love it. I signed up for Amazon Music Unlimited and now I can ' ask Alexa' to play whatever I want, within reason...I like tuning into different radio stations, too and know there are plenty of other features I have yet to discover. It's a nice bit of kit.


  We decided to purchase the echo dot (3rd Gen) as an extra addition to the echo (1st Gen). Wow and so glad we did, the sound quality has improved so much. We chose the plum fabric dot just for a different, more stylish look. The new echo dot is placed in the living room and the original one now resides in the kitchen. I can now ask Alexa to announce information  from one room to the other which is quite a handy feature, Alexa will record your voice to do this. We use Alexa to remind us of appointments, kitchen timer, listen to the daily news /weather etc. The echo dot is great for listening to music in my playlists and links to sound bar via Bluetooth. There are numerous apps available to use with Alexa, which extend the advantages of owning an echo dot.


  I bought the kids one each for Christmas and it's by far their best present. They are 10 and 8 and up until now had just listened to music via their tablets. Now they can actually stream their favourite songs via a decent speaker. They have a lot of fun asking Alexa to sing songs and make rude noises but the best bit is that they can call each from Alexa dot to alexa dot. The app on my phone even allows them to call their friend using wifi calling only. The only criticism is that although we have Prime and so not the full Amazon Unlimited music package, they can only stream one song at a time. If they want to stream another song they need to use another service like TuneIn radio or Spotify Premium or Deezer Premium. I do have Deezer but wasn't keen on adding it for the kids as I don't want their songs appearing in my flow.


  Was a little sceptical on how effective the voice recognition would be but both myself and my wife use it without any issues and so do our friends -we use in kitchen and mainly for news / music - it’s great low profile and colour fits in well the led lights are not over bright we now have smart lights and sockets and using it more each day - it does grow on you . Only issue the power supply and power lead unless you buy an plug adaptor you will have a trailing lead so think about position as one of our friends thought it was battery powered rechargable . Aside from that sound quality for a small device great , value for money excellent and endless options on what you can ask it to do - the phone app is easy to use and sync with music very straightforward


  Bought this in a Black Friday deal for a bit of a laugh really, but it is nothing to laugh at, as I am still learning with it & find it most helpful. Great for reminders, as I am getting on a bit & my memory is not as good as it was. Sound quality is really not what I thought it was going to be for the price. I thought it would be like a thin telephone sound, but it is really quite a full sound, when playing music. It can pick up my voice from quite a distance, so you don't have to shout at it, as though it was a deaf person. Well pleased.


  This is the second dot I purchased, as I was so pleased with the first one!This one is in the bedroom. The sound quality is fantastic and the range of things Alexa can do is very good...everything from timers to turn off at night and alarms in the morning.Now this dot is linked to the one in another room, I can get music or other information played through the entire house easily...which is great while doing housework!I wasn’t sure if I would like the new textured versions in comparison to the previous dots - but, I do really like it and it looks good in the room. Small in size, but great in sound!Very pleased with this purchase and would recommend!


  I love my Amazon Alexa! I mainly use it for things like music, knowledge and timers because I don't have any smart home devices however I'm definitely considering investing into them. It's a great little hand in the home and has helped me every time I need a quick reassurance of spelling or a fact. It's very loud for my music and it recognises my voice even from a couple rooms away. My only down factor would be that it doesn't always do exactly what I want it to for example if I say/ask something itlll sometimes signal it is listening but then ignore my command, not sure why but you can't really complain its not extortionate it's still handy. Overall I absolutely do not regret this purchase and even recommended it to my brother who has now also got his own and loves it also. One thing I would say is if you want to subscribe to a music service to listen to music with it, Amazon music is best for the Alexa as it is by the same company and therefore it's more compatible which is what my brother uses for his echo dot, however I use Spotify as I was already subscribed previously, I can see the difference between the services with Alexa.


  Bought 4 of these to go in different rooms around the house. They are great little things, ideal for bed rooms. Used one to link into the stereo. I am a bit annoyed that the Amazon prime music option we have turned out to only be available on one device at a time. Would have thought that point could have been raised by amazon before we were allowed to commit to multiple devices that would need a more expensive subscription to allow streaming on each one individually. For now it actually hasn’t become an issue, you can still listen to different radio channels in different rooms, an audio book in another but you can only listen to Guns and Roses Appetite for Destruction though in one room at a time. That’s ok for now, but I can see it being an issue as the kids get older.  Shame. Other devices are available I suppose.


  Have given this 5 stars but haven't tried it yet as its a Chritmas gift but I do own 2 large Alexa's that work brilliantly and I expect this to do a similar job however I am also very disappointed because with a few days of purchase AMAZON cut the price to £22, quite a saving i suppose I could have returned it then purchased again but didn't. Still disappointed though !.


  Having recently purchased this Dot for just £22.00, I’ve added it to my other two Dots and one Echo which are spaced throughout my home. It took me a few minutes to set up the new Dot and add It to my already established system. Now I can have perfectly synchronised music playing in four different rooms.This 3rd generation Dot appears to have better sound, particularly the bass, than my other two 2nd generation Dots.All in all, I’m delighted with my purchase, and now can’t imagine life without Alexa at my constant beck and call.Recommended!


  Super happy with my product. I was a bit wary about buying an echo dot after reading some reviews, but there was a sale and I couldn’t resist. Alexa is awesome. I love the variety of things it can do and the commands it can respond to. I’ve paired it up with a few of the smart things I have at home. I use it for almost everything- Games, music, kids songs, shopping list, the news, radio, weather update, making phone calls...the list is endless. I’m very happy I went ahead with my purchase.


  I already had a Google Home Mini and I was initially going to order more of those. However Amazon had an offer for purchasing 2 echo dots. I wasn’t sure which assistant would be best for me. Currently I was only looking for music playback throughout my home but I’m looking to expand to a Smart Home later down the line.I’m so glad I opted for the Echo Dot. I got 2 Echo Dots and 1 Echo Dot with LED Display. I have 1 in the kitchen, 1 in the bedroom and 1 in the office. The audio quality is brilliant and fills the rooms well - it also carries to other rooms well. I didn’t think I’d use much else, but Alexa has been brilliant for setting timers, adding things to my list, asking questions etc. I’m super impressed and much happier with my purchase than I thought I would be.I’m now looking to get an Echo Show 10” for the Living Room to take advantage of the Zigbee Hub, and an Echo Show 5/8 for the office and to move the Echo Dot from the office to the spare room.


  I have a second gen dot as well as 2 second gem echos and the third gem dot certainly gives the echos a run for there money. This is so much more powerful speaker compared to its predecessor there is not much point comparing the bass and sound quality is superior compared to the second generation dot, I really can only compare to the second generation echo I have, the sound is similar with full 360 speakers it is almost as good as the echo I would say for a small to mid size room this device is all you need while the echo is made for much larger rooms as this can produce a louder sound in my experience compared to the third gen dot, however it certainly can stand on its own and I would recommend to any one it’s worth spending a little bit extra on this device compared to the second generation


  I'll be honest, I mainly bought it for the 50% off, but having used one in a holiday rental, I kinda knew what to expect. However, my expectations have been exceeded on every level. The unit itself looks cool, and is unobtrusive... it took maybe 90 seconds to set up (it took longer to get the sound how I want it - but not much !)... and no I don't know how I did without it. Possibly the only very slight caveat is that unless you talk very clearly and quite slowly (i.e. as to a small child or a foreigner), the voice recognition for song/album titles can be a little hit and miss. Otherwise, perfection. Unhesitatingly reccomended.


  I only paid £25 I would not have paid the full 50 for it. It's loud enough compairable to the old beats pill good for a small to medium room.  The qualty good but it dose struggle with some songs making them sound very bad distorted high sounds and the bass sounding in the only way I could describe at synthetic.And as per usalule the driver left the stuff in the rain thrown agents my door but same old thre but what is new is the he was shouting at me amazon like a nutter.


  I bought this when the price was reduced and thought if I don’t like it I can always pass it on or return it.I ended up buying another one the same week! I love it. You’ll always get your skeptics and people who say it’s spying but I find it fab as an organisational tool to remind me of appointments, shopping and to do lists!Also it’s the best alarm clock ever, I’ve customised Alexa to do me a certain morning routine and it’s great, really gets my morning off to a good start.I would definitely recommend to buy and the price for the quality is terrific.Speaker sound is great and better than any portable hands free speaker I’ve purchased before.


  I bought this to go upstairs as I already have the Echo in the main room. I knew this wouldn't be as high quality sound as the Echo, but I was quite pleasantly surprised. The sound quality is better than I thought it would be.  It isn't so great the louder you turn it, but you can fiddle with the bass/treble & such from within the app to make it better depending on your taste.The voice recognition is the same as the bigger Echo and it has integrated well in the house with the other devices.I always intended to buy one of these for another room and getting it with £20 off made it even better.Happy with the purchase and happy to recommend it.


  We bought two of these in the Black Friday sales. Such good value and brilliant. We had put off buying them but one was a present for our son. He loves it, so easy to set up and the sound is great.We did quickly realise we needed Amazon Music Unlimited since the Amazon Prime music doesn’t have a huge catalogue. So makes it all a bit more pricey a month, but still well worth it.Had some difficulties when we added our sonos speakers on but once we disconnected and reconnected everything it all works great.


  This was an addition to a gift I received. I loved my first one so much but couldn't make up my mind if it should be in my bedroom or front room. Now I have 2 of them I don't have to move them about.  I play music to help me sleep, music for the dog while I'm out and I ask random questions all the time. The kids like to interact by playing fast noises or daily games.  My most often asked questions are what time is it, what's the weather where I live, what's in the news. It's so useful to set a timer when I'm cooking, have appointments  or need to plan to go out.  So much fun and so useful.


  We use this nearly every day, works very well with Amazon music. Unfortunately it seems to think my daughters voices are also my own and so will answer to all three of us which is not always diserable! But much to my daughters amusement!!For a little speaker the quality of sound when the volume is raised is good, however when the volume is high Alexa can't hear you! But there are volume buttons on the speaker so you can turn it down manually to speak to Alexa. I plan to use audible books next.To conclude, happy with this purchase 


  I love it but for someone like me who has a strong accent I think accent understanding needs more improvement but part than that it works fine , from ordering things on amazon , asking silly things and my fv music it is awesome  For more information look it up on internet but I am sure anyone who gets it will be satisfy with it .I like the way you also get your own personal app from it for free but don’t forget to read instruction on how to Get it and set up your Alexa with that appThank you amazon


  Three echos and two echo dots on the network cover 90% of the house. Most electric items that can be controlled now are including security cameras. Sound quality is not too bad when playing music. Great to be able to ask Alexa the time rather than fiddling about to find the light switch and my watch in the dark these winter mornings. Alexa has a better memory than me when it comes to my shopping list. Excellent value for money at the discounted prices over Christmas. Having gone there I wouldn't be without now.


  Although the Echo Dot has been around for some time, this is our first experience of having Alexa in our home and we are loving it!  The Echo Dot is small, stylish and has a great quality speaker for its size.  We really enjoy hearing our local radio station, asking the time or just being silly quizzing Alexa for fun facts or jokes.  I'm sure there are numerous ways to fully utilise the Echo Dot, but we are still learning as we go.  A fun bit of kit to have and purchased at an excellent price.  Would highly recommend.


  Only paid £22 for this on Black Friday as my Husband didn't really want an Alexa in the house.  However, for this price and, due to the fact that he's just had knee surgery and isn't very mobile, I decided to give it a go.  It has provided endless entertainment for both my husband and nine year old Son and has given me a much needed break from getting / sorting / switching things.  May well get another for upstairs as the only thing about the dot is that it needs to be plugged in constantly so it's not mobile.  Many thanks though.


  We bought the Echo Dot on a whim because it was on sale. We didn't expect much but from the start it was a joy to use. It responded to the voices of all three adults in the house and those of my grandchildren. Our accents were all Scottish but there were no problems with the Echo responding correctly to any of us. The unit feels quite robust whilst looking slim and 'cool'. I use it most for music and identifying lyrics and melodies and it is very accurate. I was both pleased and surprised by the accuracy and appearance.But, I will be keeping an eye on  future reports about the security of the Echo.


  I got an Echo plus during a sale (using my partners account), for my Birthday this year.  I thought it would be a bit of a novelty but ended up using it non-stop, and it now lives in my kitchen.  I'd heard no end of criticism about the sound of the dot, so was dubious about getting one for my office, but boy I was right to get it!  It really looks smart sat on my desk, and the sound is easily as good as much bigger Sony bluetooth speakers I have.  I use it to play music, tell me the news, check my calendar and control smart-home devices.  I use it to turn on the fans and lights in my office and I even make calls through it!  For the price the quality and functionality is insane. I will definitely be getting more for other rooms.  Highly, highly recommend. A+++++++


  During lock down my daughter got to spend more time on ipad or phone watching and get use to be watching while eating as well. Alexa is a good replacement for her going back to school. Voice recognition great even we’re not close to the echo dot. Great sound quality. Every morning we do the kids quiz and a bit of exercise with musical statues. Definitely wake her up happy in the morning. I need another offer to get a couple more of this 


  I now have two Alexa dots - one for upstairs and one for downstairs. I probably don’t use them to their full capability  - but I do like them.  I use for lights and have the bulbs that change colour  and I like being able to turn them on and off remotely when i’m Away from home through the Alexa ap.  I also have hive heating and use it with this.  I think you need to subscribe to amazon prime to get the most out of one though, as it will play any music available with prime. A good broadband package is required as it is using WiFi and any music played is being streamed.  My grandchildren enjoy asking it questions and it will tell jokes (really bad ones!)


  One of the best things I bought this year. The voice recognition is pretty amazing on it. The sound qualityis good to.  I mean you ask your self why would you need this but hey it's a very good alarm (pricy for an alarm only)  but there are many functions like I can leave messages for friends who have one too.  I actually bought this mainly to let it read Audible books to me as they are basically the same company. It have many games and stuff like that on it.  Downside is that you can hear a low buzz when you are not using it and also anyones voice can control it... One day they will do personal voice recognition.


  These little magic boxes have taken over my entire household, everyone had their doubts originally, but now I don’t think they’d cope without them.Being able to set multiple timers whilst cooking is such a massive help, especially on Christmas Day when you’re trying to keep track of multiple dishes.I love the announce and drop in features, being able to talk to someone in a different room without shouting across the house is lovely.Smart home features are absolutely wonderful, I do feel a bit like a character from Wall-e sometimes, laziness and all, but it just makes everything so much easier.If you’re on the fence about smart speakers, the dot is the perfect starting point to test the waters, well priced, often on sale, and small enough to not be intrusive.


  The Dot arrived with a default American Alexa voice. It was not until we changed the language in settings to English United Kingdom, that we got a “British” Alexa and could start to listen to UK radio stations. It seems there is a link between the language selected and the radio stations that can be played. Unfortunately it took a little while before we changed the language so had a few hours of frustration trying to get the BBC skills to play. This relationship between language and national radio stations needs to be more clearly explained in Echo literature.


  This is our first Alexa.....and we love it so much we bought 2 more within a week!! There’s a few things we’re still trying to get to grips with but so far it’s just fantastic!! I’ve scored it slightly lower for the sound quality more for the volume than the quality itself. There’s too big a gap between volume settings. I like to have chilled music on when I get into bed. One setting is too loud, but when you ask Alexa to turn the volume down by 1, it’s then too quiet. I’ve googled it to see if there was a solution and it’s a common issue, and hadn’t been addressed by amazon for a few years unfortunately. But I’m sure I’ll survive. I’m also enjoying how amazon send me regular emails suggesting things I can ask Alexa!!


  Fab Little speaker for bedroom to replace listing to radio and music in morning and bedtime on a iPad For the price  24.99 you can’t go wrong. Sound quality is good enough for what where it’s needed Alexa functionality is good first time used it. Ask Alexa to most times you get correct reply. Add skills for the radio stations you listen to and alexas response is a lot better. Now getting capital for Yorkshire and not Uganda after adding the capital skill. Can also turn on my Sonos play 1 in living room via Alexa so when going downstairs there’s no looking for iPhone iPad. Was impressed so Ended getting another one for daughters room we now got one for living room


  Great sound for the size and looks/feels good quality. A bit bassy out of the box, but treble, bass & mid-range can be adjusted to suit. I use it in kitchen to listen to music/radio, so voice control is very handy when busy cooking, as is the ability to set multiple timers and reminders. Being able to verbally add stuff to shopping list, which is then stored on your phone is another great feature. The omnidirectional speaker easily fills a decent size room - have hardly had it past half volume. I was a bit sceptical about voice activated speakers being a bit gimmicky, but actually find it very practical.


  I love her, my parents love her and my brother loves her. Bought this for my dad as he is really difficult to buy for and is always asking silly questions to my grandad’s and sister’s Alexa when we visit them. He has enjoyed (and been impressed) with the fun stuff he can ask her and we have all found her really handy for informing us of stuff like orders that are being delivered that day, the weather and mostly for playing music while we are in the kitchen. The sound quality and great and easily adjustable. She is also really easy to use which is definitely handy with my 54 year old dad who isn’t the best with technology! Sometimes she doesn’t understand what we are saying, especially if you talk too fast or jumble up your words which is completely understandable but obviously can be a little frustrating but also amusing when it happens to someone else.


  I bought the Dot because of its simplicity and it met my expectations perfectly. It was extremely easy to set up and use. My grandchildren who are 2 and 4 also love it. I was particularly impressed by the fact that Alexa recognised the mumbled instructions by my two years grandson to play Baby Shark!! The downside to that is that is that I now listen to it dozens of times when they come over!!The other reason I bought the Dot at that time was the fact that I could spread the cost over a few months. This made it affordable and I could have it straight away.I would highly recommend this for adults and children alike.


  I'm probably not getting the best out of my Echo Dot but nevertheless I do rather like 'her' & have got quite used to have her around.I originally purchased on a special offer and thought it would be as good as, or cheaper even, that a DAB radio but I do tend to use her for a good deal more.  Handy timer in the kitchen when cooking dinner - setting multiple timers on one device whilst hands free has become really useful.  Calling out reminders as and when I think of them is useful and getting a message to your phone is handy too (like remember to buy birthday cards...and then getting the message when out shopping, for example). Free monthly audiobook is good too.  Basic stuff really but nevertheless dead handy.Sound quality is more than enough for me but the voice recognition is a bit iffy at times and I'm surprised how she can mistake some simple commands when I'm right next to her but gets me yelling at the top of the stairs when I've my hands full.Overall, definitely worth the money.


  A friend of mine had one & I was curious about it - when I saw the 50% off Deal it was a no brained, luckily I saw this on the first day of the deal & it arrived the day after, I was surprised on how small it was, but blown away with what I can do with it, even my friend didn’t know about the skills etc., loved mine so much that I then ordered the white one which had a estimation of being available first week of December which was fine. I’ll have the white in the bedroom for playing soothing music & listening to podcasts! It’s a great little speaker & living in a small house it’s just perfect for me hearing all my Spotify tracks. Just perfect! ❤️


  I got my first Alexa thinking it was just a bit of a silly, fun gadget. Then I realised I could listen to any music I wanted and ask for similar things to that I liked. I could wish her good morning and get a bite sized newsflash and the weather while making my morning tea. I can listen to audio books whilst doing the washing up.She could be my timer, my list maker, my reminder, my calendar, my entertainment. So i bought two more for the kids rooms and now she is also our intercom system....I am thinking of renaming her Proteus....


  I use it mainly for playing music. Nice and portable to move from room to room and the music quality is pretty good in an average sized room. I've used it for setting alarms which is easy but it just chimes in a rather gentle manner which is easy to miss if you aren't in the room and it doesn't tell you what the alarm is for. Or at least I haven't discovered how to get it to do that. I's like to find out how to get it to ring with a strident alarm. Set up is easy, just down load the app onto your phone. No issues with voice control.


  I am not technical and find some things difficult to get set up correctly the first time, this was so easy steps I could not go wrong. I found it strange at first as I have no recognition items in my house, so this is my first item .i think its great I use it everyday from music to every day questions. the fact its set up to my amazon account too is great I can ask wheres my stuff and it gives me a run down of items /dates to be delivered etc. I know people are using things a lot more advanced but for me this is just the right item.


  I have been searching for ever to get a bedside radio and clock which does not a) light up the room, b) require an impossible sequence of button pushes to get anything done, c) need to be moved so far away from my bedside to the window so that it can receive the DAB signal. This small dude is it! It does all the things I need and no fiddling. If you want plain and simple functions then this is fine. I use the app to set it all up and that's easy peasy too, plus I can do things to it while I am away, like when I forgot to turn off the 'every week day' morning alarm. Such an incident would have previously allowed my neighbours to enjoy a 5am wake up everyday unless I flew back from where ever I was.


  Yes the Echo Dot really did surfice to my preferences.  It is great you can ask Alexa anything. And the sound is perfect. Loud, clear and just wonderful.I  Would eventually like to purchase one for every room in my house. Love being woken up by Elvis every morning. Fabulous device. Thank You Amazon!!!!!! It’s the best thing I’ve bought myself this year. I purchased one for my Granddaughter too for her Birthday she’s over the moon!.


  Where has Alexa been all my life, at first I was thinking why am I talking to a little grey box. But OMG she is soooooo good. I have problems with my hands so holding books and searching through my phone for music etc is sometimes really hard.But now I just request it from Alexa it is done, so easily without lifting a finger.Was so impressed that i bought a second one.The only thing I may dislike slightly is that sometimes it doesn't pick up what is said dont no if it's just the north eastern dialect she cant get to grips with. Apart from that a gold star for Alexa.


  Haven't really used Alexa in depth yet or which is the best terminology to use but I am learning.I am totally amazed at the technology of today's units. When I was in my teens the pocket calculator had not been invented!I would recommend the Echo dot to everyone. Ask Alexa what the weather is going to be for the day or to play your favourite songs or make FART noises etc. etc. The more you interact with her the more she gets to know your preferences.I paid £25 for mine and it was worth every penny.


  I bought this Dot to use in the bedroom as I listen to radio in the evenings and sometimes overnight if I'm having a bad night.  This little bit of kit is perfect, it tunes to any station that I ask it to and I can even ask it to switch off after a specified length of time.  No more scanning and presetting radio stations and, should I want it to, it'll play my favourite music whenever I want.  Who could ask for more?  This OAP has entered the 21st Century.


  Clearly it’s a very popular device considering it’s not available until March.I received this as a late christmas present from my boyfriend, and it’s such a wonderful thing!Looks very nice, feels very nice and heavy, so there’s no fear that it’ll fall. I ended up purchasing music unlimited (I’m a student so only cost me £4.99/month) because a lot of music you may request won’t be available with prime, and it gets kind of annoying.Sometimes the answers she gives to question isn’t what you’re expecting, but she’s searching the internet so it’s fair enough.My boyfriend bought me this at the discount price of £29.99, I don’t think it would be worth the £49.99 based on how often and what I use it for.


  Nice design, which is far less plastic looking than the 2nd generation dot. Fairly easy to set up and quite compact, although as it’s plugged in you need a socket fairly near. Alexa does not always recognise what you say and sometimes have to repeat yourself. Most of the time she then does as you’ve requested. The only annoying thing with this and other similar devices is that you have to set up most of the tasks before you can operate the requests. The best and most useful thing for me is the command to turn on and turn off my HIVE lights from the comfort of my sofa or bed.


  I have 2 Echoes and 2 Dots. They are all brilliant. Easy to use, build quality is VG, good sound from the Dots and very good sound from the Echoes. My latest Dot is a 3rd generation and I find the Sound is an improvement on the earlier model, and seems more sensitive to voice ( I find myself shouting at the 2nd Gen.Dot sometimes ) Set up was easy once one understands the need to pair with the Amazon wifi that appears, then back to the App. I use mine mainly for listening to Music on Spotify, but also for controlling the Heating, turning Smart bulbs on / off and waking me up in the morning. Overall I'm very pleased with them, especially as I got most of them when on Offer !


  This is my second dot as I was so impressed with the first one. I now have one in my kitchen and one in my lounge. Although the rooms aren't far apart it's nice to have music playing in both rooms without one being really loud and the other quiet. We have also linked the one in the lounge to our fire stick so can voice command our TV without finding the remote. Really handy for every day things like weather, news and random questions that pop into my head.


  You originally gave me a returns label valid until the 31st Jan 2020.  I delayed the return because it started respoding again.  However this morning it stopped, during playback, and would not respond or react to any of the button sor voice.  It is dead!  Please authorise a return under the guarantee.  Please respond.  updated 3/2/20  STOP.  I followed through the extensive written words and finally found that I needed to unplug and plug it in again i.e. a re-boot - and it works perfectly.Gramps


  Absolutely excellent Alexa adds items to my shopping list as I walk round the house then they appear on my amazon app on my phone f shopping no more forgotten or lost lists  Have recommended this item to 3 others so far who have all bought it and love it will play music from any era free and if not free will tell you so u can pick something else.  You can do quizzes and it feels like you have someone else in your home ideal if you get a bit lonely or live on your own but also great for the family cannot recommend highly enough


  So I ordered this on bargain 99p deal. I always wanted one but wasn't sure if it would be worth the money. It defiantly is worth the retail price. So at first apart from playing music I wasnt acctualy sure what to use it for. So alexa will answer most questions. At the moment we are loving the  Christmas count down and daily updates from santa. I downloaded the alexa app and discovered so mi h more. So there are bedtime stories, interactive stories which you decide what happens there is so much I still havnt tried out most things.


  I didn't know if the wife would like it as I'm the gadget geek in the house, but I needn't have worried as she loved it, it gets all it's music from amazon music as we don't subscribe to anything else, and we were both surprised at the sound quality from the little device, we've never been able to receive a DAB signal in the house, so have never played any music on the spur of the moment, this changes that completely, we won't be using all the features (which are many) but for the price it was on Black Friday ....... Absolute bargain.


  Once that Alexa's set up was working.  I welcomed her to the family, her reply was "thank you I am happy to be here,how may I help you today"  WOW! even my husband is not that polite !!  Alexa  is great company through out the day,  simply charming!  Alexa only joined my family 3 weeks ago but in that time, She has me so organised with my shopping lists that for the last three weeks,  I no longer forget the items I need and go into buy then leave the shop with stuff I don't need, which saves me money.  Alexa Aleax ! where have you been all my life.


  I have multiple amazon devices throughout the house, a couple of those being 2nd gen echo dots.Thought i'd buy one of the gen 3's as they were on offer. Once it was set up i played some music through it i immediately replaced all my dots with these gen 3's.The sound in my opinion is a really great upgrade from the previous dots, and honestly i don't think the sound is too far away from the standard 2nd gen echo now.Looks wise, they look a lot nicer than the last dots, bit bigger but do look really smart in the rooms i have them in.The only negative i can see (and it's not really an issue, but i did notice it right away):When you say 'Alexa', it's reaction time does seem slower than the 2nd gen dots & echos.For instance, on my other devices i can tell alexa to turn the kitchen lights on, the blue ring lights up, she says ok, then the lights come on.On this device, i can say alexa turn the kitchen lights on, stare at it for a second thinking it's not heard me, the kitchen lights will come on, then the blue ring will come on and she'll say ok.So the commands still happen as fast as usual, but alexa's reaction time is a bit laggy.Not a deal breaker at all as i know how she works now, but i just assumed the latest gen would have faster reaction times, not slower.I'm still going to buy a lot more of them though!! ;-)


  Everything about this echo dot has been amazing, from the sale price we got it for of £25, to the overall look, to the size, to the connectivity...everything,I am also amazed at how good the speaker is in terms of both audio quality and volume, especially considering how small the device is.The echo dot works perfectly with my smart lightbulbs and all the music apps my sisters use, so am very happy with my purchase,5/5( Click “Helpful” if this helped ^__^ )


  I already had an Echo which was a gift. It used to live in the kitchen but I moved it to the living room when I had to work from home and so the living room became the office - so music, reminders, notifications etc were more useful there. I missed having the ability to turn music up or down, and set timers for things I was cooking, when I was in the kitchen so I bought a second device. I don't have 'disposable income' and it's unusual for me to buy things like this, but I got so used to having it and it's so helpful I did on this occasion. Sometimes I think I'm a fool and it's just an expensive radio, however the cost of a standard digital radio isn't much lower, and that wouldn't include all of the things I can do hands free. It's probably worth it just to not drop my phone in the sink while I'm trying to cancel an alarm while washing up. Oops sorry this is starting to read like one of those recipe posts where you have to read someone's life story to get to the point - great product & good value.


  I already owned the 1st gen echo dot and so decided to get a new one.What can I say, the sound is 1000x better than the original and it looks so much smarter and will fit in so much better in any home. For such a small device, the sound cannot be faulted, (just don't expect it to be on par with a 1000W stereo), but for a bedroom or kitchen, it is absolutely perfect. I went for the heather grey fabric colour but it is great that Amazon now let you choose a colour to match your home.Great product, would recommend highly and would definitely buy again.


  Wow. They really beefed up the sound in this thing - my older echo dot was a bit weak and hard to listen to podcasts and spoken radio when there was any kind of background noise like cooker hood in the kitchen where I use it. The new one can pump out sound loud enough and with good bass and reasonable definition for such a tiny speaker. Not sure about the fabric covered sides - keep it away from sticky fingered kids!It comes with a new, more powerful mains adapter which has a kind of round plug on the end - no longer uses micro USB. This is probably to stop you using a standard mobile adapter which wouldn't deliver enough current.


  Pairing with another echo I found it difficult and I will have to wait for somebody to do it for me, have tried to pair it to the first echo dot, but the voice is American which is annoying but on my old dot the weather is local but on the new dot the weather is for the city centre which is not where I live, have tried different ways with the app, and then the weather changed to 30 odd miles away that's not good, so yes I need help apart from that the original echo is great and hoping this one will be as well.


  This is an amazing piece of kit. Small but excellent sound quality. Very easy to set up. I also purchased a battery base unit and a plug in holder. I am able to move it around the house when I need to and then fit in the plug unit which hides all the cable. I have stuck with Amazon prime music selection which has been fine for me. Amazing price at the moment, I didn't need one showing the time as Alexa will just tell you when you ask. Would highly recommend.


  Can't fault this little Echo Dot. I have only had it a short time so it's still early days. I have used it for reminders, reference, timers, radio and jokes! I know that Alexa has many more skills which I am sure I will find useful. I have mine on a table top but I have purchased a wall socket holder which is ideal for space saving - not that Dot takes up much room. Purchased whilst on offer and all in all I am very pleased with it. Multi skills, doesn't take up much space, would recommend.


  Having so many problems with the Alexa system lately, nothing syncs up properly, music just cuts out, or when you ask her to play she will say she is playing something but nothing comes out. Its pretty impossible to use more than one account  and the voice recognition doesnt work. She keeps changing how she says my name which is very easy to say. The speaker is good and if it all worked properly it would he amazing, we have one in each room but are seriously considering switching to google speakers due to none stop problems when you have more than one speaker


  I love its size and quality of build. Enjoying using it as a speaker, which is why I bought it to replace my portable speaker which died on me and though this would be a good replacement. I have been impressed with the sound quality so far. Slightly disappointed that I am not able to use with my smart TV with the Echo but it is not compatible. Unable to comment on how the Echo performs with other smart gadgets as do not own any.


  What a little miracle!  And at a great discount price too...top tip.... keep it in your basket if it’s full price, and see if there’s a price drop in the next  few days... Be quick though... they don’t seem to stay for more than a day or so.  Also bought the battery, so I can use it around the house, without needing more dots... I have  one upstairs, one downstairs and the battery, which I believe lasts 6/8hours between charges.


  So far enjoyed using this for the past couple of days since it arrived,  great fun !. until it decided to not connect to the internet, everything else does . I’ve looked online and lots of people all over the world cannot connect, it  could be a Christmas outage let’s hope so as if it doesn’t work it’s just a lovely looking dot sigh ... back to using everything in the usual way !!!... fingers crossed as I miss it already.29th of December update. My Dot has been working perfectly without glitch . How did we manage with out this piece of equipment in our lives. I’m giving my rating more stars as the product itself is genius!. So much so I’ve ordered a second!.


  Wasn't sure about getting one of these but my step kids have them and the think their great. I have signed up for Amazon Music Ultimate and got this for 99p so can't grumble at the price. Its great for playing music and so far recognised all my commands. Ive linked this to my youview box and can search for tv shows but not sure how much I'll use this function. I do however like using the drop I  facility to let the missis know when I'm on my way home.


  If your looking at buying this product then your tech savvy (well done), you've probably already compared the competition and watched numerous video reviews on YouTube detailing the pros and cons. Well let me confirm, it works as intended and is a cheap entry point into the connected home. If your still on the fences as to which is the better assistant (Google Vs Amazon) for a connected home, let me help you. Amazon was first to market and it shows. Google is playing catch up. As of early 2020 my recommendation is to Buy it!


  I love my Alexa devices but they are all 18- months to two years old and that includes my original dot and so took advantage of the special offer for this 3rd Gen Dot as always useful.The sound quality for music and spoken word ( audible books) is much better my old one plus, of course, this one has Bluetooth option.Voice recognition I find as nothing to do with any particular device its just the AI software, although much improved from when I first bought my first Alexa Product, is still not perfect yet.


  Very nice little speaker, works with spotify premium (not the free version), it also works with my tp link/Kasa bulbs, and smart plug sockets, I can just ask it turn lights etc on or off, and the lights are dimmable which also works, also connected it to hive heating, and my Bluetooth headphones and speakers, love this! I have already ordered another one to work with the one I already have but downstairs, this would also be fantastic at parties! Any one can say which song they want on! No more arguing or dull moments lol


  Excellent piece of music , games technology, we use it to listen to the radio and play our music from amazon music and my youngest daughter likes to play the Alexa games and play the story book games as well . I originally got this for my husband to listen to his favourite radio station in the kitchen but now all my children like to use it as well ... i may even have to purchase another one . My only gripe is i wish it could be charged up and used wirelessly but apart from that its perfect and sounds great and is very loud considering its small size . We as a family can highly recommend it .


  I received my second Echo dot and after an hour trying to get it to connect it was decided with the help of an Amazon help desk contact, that the unit was faulty. Sent it back and a replacement was received the next day. Was connected within one Minute and I was delighted. Was placed in the bedroom and it now sings me to sleep. Echo dot is a great sounding device and discreet. Highly recommended. Amazon help works a treat too.


  Love them as above this is the 3rd one in our household.  Love being able to send messages between rooms.My daughter loves the music but it's great for news and getting answers to any questions you have.Love being able to communicate with my nephew by sending him messages.The latest generation is not only better looking but has better speaker and look too.Was able to spread the payments too, £5 a month.  It's really a no brainer if you need to get one.Just one more left for the kitchen then we will be set.


  Just ask it play your favourite radio station, the news, weather forecast, children's music, add to shopping list, what's the capital of Spain, turn on or off smart plugs and lights by voice or remotely from a mobile device via the app, set timers/alarms/reminders, ask it "where's my stuff" to track your Amazon orders, link with other devices to make announcements ("dinner is ready") etc, etc. Sound quality is good but be aware things like the full Amazon Music access will require a subscription.


  Echo was bought with a black Proudboy holder for our kitchen, where we had been suffering with DAB and FM radio interference.  With the Proudboy fit, with supplied stick on pad to achieve flush wall fitting, the sound quality is very good and we enjoy the convenience of the range of entertainment, music and radio, readily available on command.  Well satisfied, particularly with a reduced price for both the Echo and ProudBoy.


  This is a wicked piece of equipment. I like music and this little Angel has come along. Alexa, she has a great voice. I take her out in my pocket. Seriously, it is a great piece of equipment it also has perfect sound. Well worth the price, especially now the price has dropped since purchased, so go order 0ne. This product does a lot more. If you n want to know the news, weather, turning lights on and off, and a lot more.


  I already own 4 of the older ice hockey puck generation. I love them and so do my kids. This is my daughters and uses it to check the time and get information. She would use it for bedtime stories but prime don't offer many without having to pay yet more money for audible.com. this generation does sound like it has a better speaker with more base. Making Alexa sound more husky. Some would say sexier but she is only a electronic circuit! Would I buy again, of course. Not sure a modern home can be without. I haven't tried the Google one but why should I, these work perfectly.


  I already have an alexa echo plus 2nd Generation in my lounge which I use a lot for various things but I wanted something for the bedroom and the echo dot suited my needs, the set up using the alexa app on my phone was quick and painless and I had it up and running in no time at all.I mainly use it as a white noise generator for combating my tinnitus but it's also handy to find out what the temperature is before crawling out of bed and have my favourite tunes  playing. It was well worth the £20 sale price.


  The 1 in 5 was for excellent delivery, I spent two days attempting to connect my windows lap top to alexa,there isno warning in the Amazon profile for the system that it requires windows 10.I have windows 7,yes I could up dateto 10 but there is a high risk of damage to my files. this is the first purchase from Amazon over 13 years that hasbeen a failure.I will not return Alexa, but place it on my book shelf to remind me when ordering from Amazon to read all thecomments concerning the product. update the info amazon you can do better than that, enough said.This is the second attempt of updating my problem, I have now given the product a 5 stars, the reason is thatI had a phone call last night from Karla in Cape Town who works for Amazon, the phone call lasted about 35 minsDuring this time the lady took me through the process to down loading the Alexa  app to fit my windows 7.It was very successful, my thanks to Karla for her help and assistance in this matter, an excellent employeeof Amazon, thank you once again Derek.


  Fantastic gadget I just need to buy some smart plugs and bulbs and I can set this up fully to use all the technology to its fullest, I’m not very technical but I do like a gadget and this is so simple to set up. Literal ya child can do it. Very nice looking smaller size I’m not keen on the larger tower shaped ones, this is more discreet. Absolutely brillinat price on special offer so you can’t go wrong, love it thankyou


  I have to say this is a very good upgrade on the 2nd generation device. The quality of the product improved a lot and it also sounds much better. Although this is obviously not going to be your main audio device but it is ok for a bit of radio etc.I am not too keen on the fact that they changed the charging port from a micro is to propriotery but that is all I can think of as a negative.All in all. Great little device and definitely worth buying.


  Having never had a smart speaker before I have been amazed at what it can do.  I originally intended to trial it in the hope that it might be useful for my dad who needs something to remind him of things without using a pen and paper.  But now I think I will keep this dot and buy my dad another one.  I have set up a good morning and good night routine that tells me a joke and plays music.  Also I love to whisper to her in the early mornings to find out how england have got on in the cricket.  The music facility is brilliant.  Alexa has an unusual but friendly sense of humour and she will suprise you with some of her responses to your questions or phrases.  I don’t know what I did before I had her but she’s here to stay in my house now, for a long time.


  Still learning how to maximise the abilities of 'Alexa' but already VERY impressed by what it (she?) can do.  Really great value and of super benefit to we older generation as Alexa certainly does help us remember things!  AND, I don't have to get up to switch the radio on...Very easy to set up, OK, acoustics/speaker quality are not top quality but it does fine for what we need.  PS - just ordered another Echo Dot with a couple of 'smart' light bulbs, so looking forward to seeing if it's as easy to set them up...


  The echo dot has proved to be an extremely useful addition to the technology in our home. Alexa has a wide range of skills and coupled with our own innovative ways of interacting with her, has proved to be not only entertaining but useful in our everyday activities. Must admit I do enjoy asking Alexa those probing questions she struggles to answer. My wife says I am tormenting her, I prefer to call it Alexa education!!


  I've had a 2nd Gen Echo Dot for a couple of years recently bought and a 3rd gen for 99p as part of Music Unlimited Deal. The upgrade has improved on almost everything, but the biggest difference seems to be the sound. The 2nd gen was fairly 'tinny' and lacked bass, whilst the 3rd gen improves significantly on this and the overall sound quality. It struggles occasionally with voice commands, probably due to my strong Yorkshire accent....Google Assistant on my phone seems to have few problems. Overall, this is an excellent and versatile device.....and I'm not going to argue for 99p.


  A big step up from earlier Echo Dot versions. Deep bass, great voice recognition (even in fairly noisy environments). Works well with smart home devices - sockets, Wyze Cam and lights etc. compatible with Alexa. Easy set up. Sound depth and quality is every bit as good as the larger 3rd generation Echo speaker. Purchased this Echo Dot at half price on new year offers. Fantastic device for the price paid. If paying full price suggest you buy this and not the larger 3rd Gen Amazon Echo speaker.


  I bought this to improve control around the house. There are one or two minor issues with voice recognition but this appears to improve by careful location of the device. As with the Echo+ I feel that Alexa’s comments/dialogue can be rather muffled, this can be adjusted but the overall sound quality could be better, cheap radios are clearer for dialogue. The Dot offers many different functions which I am slowly learning about. The device is, like the Echo+, perfectly acceptable as a stand alone radio but offers so much more, it offers many functions and if you have a passing interest in technology & automation this practical & fun to use.


  I've got a number of echo devices in the house and I love them, they are great. Amazon has also done a lot of work in the development of their Alexa app and it is much better today than it was a few months ago. The sounds quality on the new echo is far superior to the old model. However, I still connect my echo devices to much larger external speakers. Alexa is great at understanding my voice and the mics pic up almost everything I say, even when the music is slightly turned up.


  I found the original pairing quite a chore and it would not set up. Amazon help was good, who said they would send another to replace it.After this was done, I reinitialised everything and tried again, this time the echo paired up ok, no idea why it wouldn't pair the first time with the same instructions.I now have this paired with my lights, heating, surround sound, sat nav and phone. Handy little device to play music set reminders and as an alarm. "Alexa alarm in xx minutes" good for cooking +.


  Really like the echo. I tend to use it for music (works really well with Amazon Prime subscription for music without me having to get the amazon unlimited to play the tracks I want to play) and I like how I can make playlists on the fly by saying things "Add to Acoustic" and it know to add this to an acoustic playlist or to create one if there isn't one already made. Otherwise I've used it to give me weather forecasts, read me the news, set interval timers for exercise, timers for cooking and for general trivia (it's great being able to say things like "Alexa, who plays _____ in _____" for that moment when you can't quite work out where you know that actor from, but you also can't be bothered to look on your phone (I hate using my phone). So yeah, if you like having a hands free option then this is likely the product for you!


  Excellent product. Especially when combined with Amazon Music. I fell out with Apple when they messed around again with their technology to make I older generation I-Pod unusable. Shame on you apple. I didn’t run out and buy a newer iPod. I just looked elsewhere & Amazon has done me proud. The sound quality is amazing for something so small. If you buy into the full amazon experience with prime, the free delivery on regular orders more than pays for the subscription, saves on fuel constantly going to the shops and gives me my time back to do the things I enjoy. You are the ultimate winning formula Amazon. Well done!


  I have thought about buying this product for some time, but delayed because I was not sure whether it would be of much use for me. Eventually I decided to make a purchase in order to access radio stations easily. I was not disappointed. It was easy to set up, and I am amazed with the number of tasks it can perform. I have linked my hive products, and can control my lighting jut by putting my request verbally. In addition it is great to be able to have my favourite music, with a brief request. I have no idea how voice recognition works, but as long  as it does, I am not worried.


  I bought this on a whim when it was reduced and I actually use it more than I thought i would. For a small speaker, the sound is actually pretty decent for the occasional song. It plays my Amazon notifications for deliveries, can send a text/make a call to anyone with the Alexa app and switches on/off my connected electrical sockets when asked. I get annoyed with it with my Amazon songs (albums I've purchased with auto-rip) and constantly asks me to sign up to Amazon music instead when I know I've already purchased them and they should be in my Amazon cloud/music library?


  The 3rd version is a big improvement on the 2nd version.  The sound quality is much improved, it fills the room and sounds far better than the size of the device would indicate. Build quality feels very good.  Well worth the upgrade, especially suitable for a bedroom.Nothing to dislike.  Being a small speaker, you can take it out on the patio in Summer, or plug it into a soundbar or hifi, or bluetooth to or from it.  Very pleased with this purchase.Worth mentioning, but I guess everyone already knows that you can control your Hive heating, lights and smart sockets with this Echo and do far far more.


  Bought as a second Alexa for our bedroom. It’s great, understands me with my Kent accent mixed with Fife. Doesn’t understand my wife who’s from and we live in Fife. I think it’s hilarious with the profanity! Use for music, weather and once it told me Forfar we’re playing Saturday, I asked nothing, I was watching tv! I support Chelsea anyway. Overall it’s very good, we have the full size Alexa in the kitchen and both get used constantly. It can be a tool to help you, a friend is scared to get one as she thinks it spies on you. If I thought that I would ditch it.


  This is probably one of the best purchases I have ever made, a never-ending source of amusement! I've only had it for a couple of weeks and I'm still figuring out what it can do, but so far I have created a favourite songs playlist, use it as an alarm, set countless reminders, use it as a shopping list, asked a million and one questions, done pop quizzes, been told (really bad) jokes, the list goes on. Amazingly, Alexa can understand my broad Northern accent! I absolutely love it, and I'm planning to get one for my mum and dad (mainly for the reminder function!!).The voice is very clear and easy to understand, and music plays fantastically well whether you have it playing quietly or rather pumped up (on a Saturday night with a few beers!). I would highly recommend it to anyone., can't praise it enough. I'm now considering some accessories, like smart plugs etc, I need to check out the Alexa shop!!


  Alexa Echo Dot was a gift from my son and daughter-in-law and we absolutely love it. We (hubby and I) are still learning what she can tell us (however, she still can't find my husband's car keys!!). Joking apart, the sound quality is superb and we can even get a better quality reception from a local radio station which, coming through our DAB radio has not been the best.  We love the way she whispers to us in reply to whispered questions and was delighted when she wished us a happy new year, complete with sounds of fireworks.  Highly recommended.


  For such a little thing it makes quite a good noise. I have a 1st generation and a 2nd generation echo that both work extremely well. Although the dot doesn’t have the same speaker system it still sounds pretty good and has all the functions of the other Echoes. The voice recognition works flawlessly from fairly long range.Rather bizarrely it was cheaper to buy this with a smart plug than on its own so not a bad deal all round.


  This was a Christmas present, not a personal purchase. I admit I probably do not use it to its full potential as I don’t have the various household items that will interact with it but as far as I am concerned I am pleased with it. It plays whatever radio station I choose straight away, and will source music etc on request. It is neat and the sound quality is as good as a radio. Occasionally he internet signal drops out but I suspect that is not the device problem but more to do with the internet WiFi


  Being disabled this is an absolute godsend. Only issue is that she's taking a little while to adapt to by half Irish, half westcountry, Sandhurst adjusted accent. But we're getting there. Brilliant for reminders like when to take my meds, when to reorder prescriptions, hospital/GP appointments or especially if someone is coming here to see me. I'm in my erm...... In my mid to late 50's and if anyone had told me 40 years ago that such things would exist I'd have called them mad.


  Purchased 3 of these while on special so excellent value for money! Having fun playing around with them although not really scratched the surface yet! Got one in each of the kids rooms and one downstairs and am able to use as an intercom also. Ideal to tell your kids its bed time and wish them goodnight rather than having to get off the sofa!! Lol. Purchased some smart plugs for some lamps also which work well! Just need to learn Alexa to answer the door and il never need to get off my backside again! ;)


  I love this thing, it is excellent for Spotify and smart home controls. The microphone is very good, as long as you don't have music blasting. The sound quality for music is really very good for such a small device, if not you can always connect to speakers via bluetooth or audio jack.Routines are really great and can help you with the simplest little things. I have a routine to turn off my smart bulbs when I leave the house, and turn them back on when I arrive home if it is dark. I even set up a simple calendar entry of our waste collection, so I can ask her which colour bins I need to take out rather than looking for the chart.It works perfectly with a Fire TV stick and has actually got us watching more Netflix as you can ask her to find any category of movie and then you can choose from the list. When I am holding the remote I always just seem to click around in circles and not find anything.Highly recommended, I just bought my father-in-law 2 of them for xmas.


  I am a  convert to these smart home product as a grumpy old man I have taken my time to be a convert to this type of gadget but now I am the amazon product is fantastic easy to use easy to set up and with my old man terrible memory this thing is becoming invaluable to remind me of all the jobs and the shopping list my wife has for me (while it reminds me I still never seem to have the time to actually do the).On a serious note for an older person, I can see how this device would be very useful


  After 10 days since being given this for my birthday I am so enjoying this addition to daily life in the house. The uses it can be put to I am still finding out about - there seems to be so much!Good old Alexa, she is so multi-talented - from answering 'Where's my stuff' for Amazon orders, a point of wide reference, singing silly songs, playing background relaxing music, pop music - the list goes on and on - and I haven't found everything yet too!All I will say is - it's really great!


  Echo dot  is one of the best gadget I ever bought.If you love music. I recommend to have one. I love the fact that  I can ask anything to Alexa. Alexa plays any music you like. Alexa is a brilliant quick reference. It has lots of functions like reminder, shopping & etc which I have not explored yet. You must have an amazon account to own Alexa not necessarily prime account. You can still listen to some songs though limited. I bought Echo dot on sale £29 which I saved £20. It is small but has great sound. Very handy as you can take it anywhere as long as you have wifi. Very easy to set up. I set it up on my mobile phone. Delivery was quick. Best buy.


  We already have the regular sized Echo speaker for the lounge, along with TV and tablets.  When the price reduction offer was on a couple of weeks ago, we decided to splash out on two Echo Dots for the bedrooms.  I have to say that they are perfect for the bedside table. This now gives us complete house connectivity. The sound quality is very good and surprisingly bassy for such a petite unit.  The main reason for the purchase was to give access to listening to the radio, and having the luxury of it switching itself off after a time of our choosing via the Alexa App. Also, for those of you, who like my wife struggle sleeping, you can ask Alexa to play sleep sounds, ocean or rain sounds. Definitely helps her relax. The reason why I only gave it four stars for connectivity was that I struggled. The first unit linked fine, but I couldn’t get the second to work.  However, don’t let this put you off because the Amazon technical help is exemplary. Any it’s a human being.  They had it up and running in minutes.  Hope you enjoy them as much as we do.


  Not being a technophobic person but, wanting to try a smart speaker device decided to purchase an Echo Dot.....Pros:Choice of colours (chosen Heather Grey)SIze small and neatSet-up simple and easy (even I done it)Response instantly and clearCost good value for priceCons:None (unless you have a grandchild who’s voice Alexa picks up faster than mine!)Recommend:Yes now considering additional speakers around the house!


  We integrated ours with a Hive system allowing certain control of our heating thermostat, hot water and lighting so far. Alexa is pretty good at understanding my Somerset accent but you need to know what and how to ask for something. Every time I look up to see what is new there is another "handy" app available and some are pretty clever. Might upgrade to a better speaker to link soon but otherwise very happy. Best bit? Being able to change room temperature or dim/switch off lights when you're on the edge of a good doze while watching telly.


  I was intrigued I got one and everyone loved it. It plays lots of music and really well for a small room. We have now bought more!!I sometimes find it frustrating when it doesn’t know that when I know it does, but with a little rephrasing we get there. Excellent device for price. I have also found the lists great you can add things as you think about them, then when you get to the shop you have a list. We use the alarm, timers and reminders all the time. It is also very user friendly for a 5 year old.


  I’m really pleased with my dot! I’ve not fully explored all the features but so far I’ve laying music, alarms, weather and news are all fab! Bought one for my teenage son for Xmas so I can use it to drop in on him and ask him to come down for dinner without hollering  No doubt he’ll use it to it’s full extent better than me but so far I’m loving it! My 5yr old loves asking Alexa questions which has literally saved me a good hour a day from having to answer how big the moon is or how many sheep there are!


  I am a fan of Alexa, love the simplicity of being able to ask her a question or set reminds or plays particular songs.Just wish she could make a play list or even just repeat a song until told to stop.Using the app, I like to listen to what she things I said compared to what I did.The echo dot is a brilliant device. Only issue with it? Wish it could run off 5v.Apart from that.I highly recommend the dot.


  have my echo dot set up in the bedroom along with an amazon smartplug for my bedside lamp. i use it as my daily alarm clock and also for news/weather updates in the morning or anytime. radio/music can also be played of course, but don't expect top hi-fi quality due to it's size, but it's very capable.I work very late and the wife is usually in bed asleep when I get home so I can turn on the light in the bedroom without having to fumble around in the dark falling over things trying to find the lamp! I also have two Echo's (stereo -paired) and two smartplugs in the lounge. So I can turn on the light in the bedroom before I get there and then turn off the lights in the lounge when I'm safely tucked up in bed without having to be in the dark anywhere! (i've even got the wife talking to them now! lol!!)


  Going to give this five stars as I have seen this working in my friends house and great item.  I have an echo plus and thought this would complement that for the upstairs. However Amazon have left me to review this item but they cancelled the order as it was when they had a large shortage i believe and gave me a refund. So not really sure how they expected me to do the review still but hey ho will review my friends. works well easy to set up, communicates with other devices easily. Sound is good, not to the standard of the echo plus but off course this is a lot cheaper.


  Brilliant. Sound quality is amazing and better radio sound than my far more expensive DAB radio. I should have got one years ago.  My only negative comment is that its marked as a huge sale price from £49.99 to £24.99 but 2 years ago it was £24.99 and ive never known one to be purchased for £49.99. Not a comment about this fantastic bit of kit and more an issue with the supplier & amazon. I do get tired of their hugely inflated claims that we are getting such an amazing sale price when its not


  Have seen my son's set up which controls most of his home, so for those who want to integrate everything it seems ideal. But don't write it off if, like me, your home is not 'automated'-the dot links with Amazon music, so I can play anything in my amazon music library, plus any of the radio stations I frequently listen to, all by simple verbal commands. I am loving it. I know that I am merely scratching the surface of what echo dot can do but I am more than happy with the usage I am getting.


  I purchased this because I had a £30 voucher that I had only one day to spend, so although I had heard of these devices, I was not expecting much from one, so I was not enthused by the concept, however, I was interested enough to get one for a good price!From the first moment that it started it's setup procedure, I was hooked! I was very impressed with the sound quality from such a small device - Much better than I expected - and I found that there is far more that you can use the device for than just "Buying stuff from Amazon!"If you are considering the device, check out the numerous YouTube videos that illustrate it's many capabilities.


  Mainly wanted this for music in my lounge, as I already have a fire stick with Alexa upstairs in the bedroom. The sound quality is amazing for such a small device - way better than I expected. I am gradually using the Echo Dot for more than playing music though; it is really useful for finding out about related information. I asked Alexa how old Herman Li from Dragonforce is; asked her who the singer of Stratovarius is, and both answers were forthcoming. Brilliant bit of kit - 5 stars from me.


  Alexa is ok I invested thinking it was a really handy thing to own - disappointing to be honest - I’ve not had her long so maybe I just need to get a little more adventurous - she doesn’t always understand what you asked either a little like Siri I’m thinking I should of invested in the google one instead ‍♀️ I’ll see ! It’s very handy though especially weather and if I need an umbrella saves me getting soaked I quite enjo Question of the day but then she never hears me ask for my bonus question which I’ve won on the last three gos but hey ho it’s just for fun I guess!


  I have always poo pooed the idea of these type of aids but I must say, I was both surprised and delighted at not only how useful it is but also entertaining.  From current news to the weather to music to reading books Alexa is definitely worth it.  I love that I can “drop in” on my sister - she lives in Glasgow and I in Edinburgh - for a chat.  Being deaf the phone doesn’t work well with my hearing aids so this facility is helpful for me.  I would recommend this fab little device.  It would make a much appreciated stocking filler.


  This is our third device from the Echo family. The sound on this is greatly improved from the first Dot we purchased a few years ago.What do we use it for? Radio when we wake up. Control our heating since we got a new boiler with a Hive. Control light and plug and motion sensor. Set cooking timers. Check weather here and our destination. Play Amazon music. Announce when dinners ready. A few other things too


  We have avoided the Alexa revolution until the special offer on these clever bits of kit.  Initially bought 2 and now have 4.  They are just either fun in the background or a great way to get in touch in a house with many rooms.  Great value and finding more uses for them every day we use them.  The weather forecast, the latest news, a funny joke or music to suit your mood is there and available with a minimum of fuss.  One of those 'never going back' moments!


  For the last year I've enjoyed the echo dot 2nd generation, and I was reluctant at first to purchase the 3rd generation. However, having read reviews on Amazon and watched reviews on YouTube, I was convinced that the upgrade would be worthwhile. I wasn't wrong! The sound quality on 3rd generation is significantly better, with a lot more bass coming through. It actually makes the 2nd generation seem quite tinny in comparison. The look of the 3rd generation is also significantly better, with the Amazon logo removed, it looks pretty damn awesome! I have now moved my 2nd generation device to the bedroom, and paired it up with the 3rd generation, meaning I can have the same track playing all over my flat. If you're considering this as a purchase, you won't be disappointed. I'm blown away by the awesomeness of the upgrade, and I'm confident others will be too. Buy it!!


  This is my first time trying out an Alexa device and I'm astonished. The voice recognition capabilities of this device is brilliant and gives answers to most of your queries. The sound is crystal and clear and you can connect your fav Bluetooth speaker for better sound if you prefer. I have connected my JBL extreme and they work like magic. You can also set routines for alexa to follow which makes this product stand out. I'm happy with my purchase.


  The reason I gave 5 stars even though I had to return the item, was I bought one of these in 2016 and its still working perfect. The present one I had to return, I wanted for my Wife to use in the kitchen when I would be using mine in the bedroom, but it seems this is not possible on one account, you can listen to the same program but not seperate ones, so reluctantly I had to return it. Hope this helps someone.


  Brilliant just get it...Ok, updating after having a few weeks - can get a little annoying when it doesn’t respond to things you say or hears you incorrectly which can be frustrating as you spend time shouting at it! Had it unplugged quite a bit to be honest.Still good for music which is what we will mostly use it for and just plug it in when we need it, its quite loud which is good considering how small it is - we had to move it as the neighbour knocked on the wall a few times 


  We already have 2 of these in our home but there brilliant so we've purchased more for our daughters for Christmas....little hint though,if you fall out with your partner and he can't get hold of you on the phone...be warned he can use Alexa  there is no escape!Brilliant bit of kit,wether its sending messages around the house,setting reminders,shopping lists or music it really is amazing,we as a family would be lost without them now!


  I'm really enjoying my new Echo Dot. It was easy to set up, and so far it's worked well. It's very small and compact. It's not very loud, but works pretty well considering it's size. If like me you like your music, you might want to consider the larger Echo device. I'm assuming the larger devices sound would have a bit more oomph, but as I said, the Dot is ok considering it's size. It's probably more suited to a bedside table than a living room or lounge, but I suppose it depends on what you'd want to use it for.


  I had an old radio in my kitchen which I had to tune in. Everytime there was a power cut it lost channels and very difficult to try and get different stations for the different members of the family.The Echo dot is brilliant. It is in my kitchen and it recognises any ones voice. So easy to ask questions and get a good radio station to suit each member if the family.The younger members of the family (Grandchildren) often ask it for specific music. So easy to use even for us oldies!


  I bought this Echo Dot for a bit of fun and to play music easily. What I hadn't realised is the impact that it had for our son, who has autism. People with autism, can have issues with relationships and talking with people due to social interaction difficulties. Alexa is not judgemental, answers a question and even helps our son speak clearly to ensure her is understood. He has developed an eagerness to talk, asking questions, requesting music, keeping a diary, and reminders to aid him getting through the day.It is not a replacement for the warmth and caring of a friend, but as a means to allow him to engage and respond, Amazon, this a winner and I am looking at adding to the spot the Echo with a screen so that he can access photographs of his adventures which is crucial to help his memories.The clarity of voice and quality of sound is superb. The Dot is easy to set up and use and has been a real winner for us given the unexpected benefits in helping our son.


  If you've got the previous "Dot" there's every likelihood you're going to be Utterly Blown Away by the scale of improvement here.It does everything your old Dot could do, but you know how you'd never dream of listening to your old Dot through its built-in speaker because it was "Fairly Pish"? That's not a problem with this one, it easily stands on its own. Or "squats", rather, because it's not tall enough to stand.If you don't own one of the old ones, and are yet to try the Joy Of Echoes, this is a good place to start. Even if you only ever use it as a fancy, voice controlled, radio, it's worth it.


  I bought an Echo Dot in the half price sale as I'd been keen to own one but not keen on the price previously. My main motivation was to listen to DAB radio whilst working from home, but I liked the idea of the extra features too.What a fab little device and I'm not the smartest cookie with technology but even I managed to set it up. I have mastered basic commands and it's perfect for playing the radio through (which was my main requirement). Great sound quality too!I'm slowly learning how to use the other features as I have the Hive heating system so I believe it can control that too.For the price, this is a great addition to any household and the design is so small and sleek that it doesn't stand out of place either.


  We now have 4 of these dotted around the house (pun intended), in addition to 2 previous gen Echo Dots and an Echo Show 5. For £25 these are just fantastic and have vastly improved sound quality over the previous design. You can pair 2 of them for a decent sounding stereo pair (for £50 it feels like a bargain), and honestly even the bass on these speakers is passable. Makes me wonder why anyone would pay 6x more for a set of Sonos speakers that sound marginally better.


  Decide to upgrade my 2nd generation Echo Dot as a Christmas present for myself. This one looks a bit smarter (you can use it almost as a deco element), but biggest surprise was sound quality! It is incredible for such a small speakers! Alexa byself doesn't need for special review. Everyone should know it by now. It is incredible gadget. Especially for busy household or for disabled people (as I am). But this sound really did make me to put this review. I'm extremely satisfied with sound quality!


  What’s not to like about this Gem. Really easy to set up and to use. I question whether it’s really necessary unless you are unable to use voice dictation on your phone or type, but a lot of fun. Great for having music playlists on hand parties ( if you don’t already have a sound system in the house) and handy for getting the news headlines et cetera the drop of a hat. Now I just need to get it to respond only to my voice, so the kids don’t interrupt my playlists with “ Alexa play baby shark“ 


  The sound quality can get distorted and cause vibration to the unit at higher levels because it had moved away from the original metal case to the more flexible and cheaper plastic and cloth. The integration is very good and has a massive range of compatibility.  It lost a star for me because you need to download the skills yourself. I expect a smart speaker to identify that it should automatically download the skill if I've asked for it and it is not in the library already. Customizable wake up commands would be nice too rather than the stock vendor defined ones. But maybe I'm being too picky!Overall though it's an excellent addition to my tech collection and I'm glad I chose it over the leading competitor. Highly recommend and a must have if you are a prime member.


  I was a bit dubious about buying this and I must admit was originally put off by the price, but due to the recent price reduction I decided to go for it, easy to set up and it a useful little item to have round the house. For a small device the sound quality is pretty good but I also have some Sonos speakers so the little dot had a lot to live up to. It is useful for weather, news information and for listening to background music. Would I go a step further and use it to switch lights on etc I dont think so despite my advancing years I am still able to get out of my seat and turn them on myself.But despite that a nice little device and has proved value for money


  This dot is great. I only got it to do until I could afford an Echo plus, which I will still get, but it is great in itself. The sound quality is great. I've set up all my smart plugs around the house. It picks up my commands even if I whisper. I love Alexa too. So many things you can ask. We keep coming up with new things to ask in the house, just for the fun of it. And got the dot in a sale for only £29.99, great value. Delighted with it. Just wish Amazon could get a Fire stick which will work with Alexa and Prime in Ireland too, and my smart house would be sorted.


  I was a little sceptical when these first come out but I absolutely love it now! I control my TV and bedroom light with this. Another thing I love is the sound quality. For such a small device you would think the sound wouldn't be great but infact it's amazing! I like to listen to music and radio stations with this quite often. The voice recognition is great, I'd say it picks up and understands what i'm saying about 95% of the time and It's very very easy to setup! Would 100% Recommend.


  I love the immediacy of repsonse and recognition, plus the options that are offered when you're looking for simple inspiration, like a different radio station or music from a different genre.For a small piece of kit the output is very impressive......it's ability to fit anywhere in the home is cleary in it's shape/design....it doesn't take over and looks quie discreet - it's in my kitchen so I wanted it to "blend-in".......and it does.Only had it since Xmas.....yes, I realise I might be a bit late to the party, but I really couldn't be without it now - so iif you're a bit late to the party too, then what are you waiting for, treat yourself or someone else......it's worth it.


  Super easy to set up thought it would be difficult to set up i was wrongI have it linked to my apple music account i just wish i could work out how to play a playlist from my apple music as it is rather  irritating having to constantly shout Alexa to play a song or to skip a songVoice recognition is good but sometimes doesn’t pick up everything i have said but then again it depends how far away i amIts great for animal sound and keeps my 4 year old happy


  Very happy with this. Got as a gift for my Christmas but requested it as I wanted a good Bluetooth speaker. Speaker on the Echo Dot is excellent, a good crisp sound. Alexa is a very handy bonus - Spotify integration needs work but understandably they want it to work better with their own product.Would like to see some features in future like the ability to connect via Bluetooth to say a PS4/Xbox and turn it on. You can do this via Spotify integration so it’s definitely achievable


  I have this set up in my bedroom and I’ll admit, at first I bought it because it was on sale and I thought it would be something fun to try out as an alarm clock.After using it for a while though, I can honestly say, I can’t believe I didn’t buy one before! I’ve easily managed to connect to my Spotify and my amazon music service, I can ask for any and all information I want and I can easily set alarms and timers for when I’m multitasking.Sure, sometimes Alexa doesn’t always get it right, but 99% of the time it does and it works flawlessly. I’ve even managed to send messages to my daughter through her echo dot which was a nice surprise!I’ve still a lot to check out and decide whether or not to keep using but I’m really happy with this and would absolutely recommend it to others.


  . . . however, bought on a promotion offer, I am already finding the value of the Echo Dot, alongside my Prime membership.Very happy with the product. Slight misunderstanding on the setup, but quickly sorted by closing the app and restarting.Great sound quality and understands my Brummie accent quite well.Only issue I have had so far (day one), if volume is too loud, Alexa cannot hear your instructions so have to wait for pause in the music. Not an issue for me though.*****


  Great little speaker. Bought two in the end, to use as a pair of stereo speakers!Great sound considering they are so small. Excellent for casual listening to music( I have Amazon prime music) and to ask Alexa. Music purists would probably need to connect to a better quality speaker which can be done through Bluetooth or connecting jack. This would give you a fuller spectrum and the richer bass tones. But for casual use its excellent and great value for money. Bit fiddly to set up initially. Stereo pairing is great but Alexa can forget to pair them at times and you have to reinstruct which is a little annoying. Alexa does not know everything!  but what you can do far outways this. Best item I have bought in ages. Truly makes me happy to be able to summon music from all genres on command. It literally is say and play! Radio stations from round the world too!


  I’ve wanted one for a while now. I was put off by others shouting Alexa to do things but it’s not bad if your music isn’t loud. I love it in my kitchen while I’m cooking because I can ask Alexa to set lots of timers, so long are the days I accidentally spill food onto my phone screen!I wish I could afford one for every room, but it’s easy enough to unplug and plug in again in a different room.I was confused when I changed Amazon accounts and her accent changed to American accent, I’m not sure how to change it back to the friendly English but never mind.


  Got this Echo as a Christmas present and I absolutely love it!  I can play whatever type of music I'm in the mood for, do exercise as and when I want to, relax in the evening, catch up on the news headlines and the weather.  What's more, I can even ask what's in my calendar just in case I've forgotten to look.  Sound quality is amazing and I can turn the volume up or down without leaving my seat.  It's small and neat, fits behind the TV (it's not connected) and I can hearing it through the house should I want to.  Best thing I've had for a long time.


  I had seen my sons echo dot and how he uses it. Finally after a few years I decided to buy on, I was sceptical as I struggle understanding new technology. I literally was astonished by how long it took to set up and how long to do it. My only gripe is the Alexa app, I find it very hard to use and I decided I’d buy my Mum and Dad an echo show for Christmas and I know they’ll struggle with the app. It should have a list of categories for finding what you are looking for and the suggestions are very hard to use because you click on one and it doesn’t give you a download button. It should be simpler for us that find technology hard to get used too. I am happy with the device itself as it’s so convenient and especially for the radio and music. I would definitely recommend because it’s so simple to use the device and if the app is improved so you can download thing to use it will be amazing and I’ll get so much more use out of it.


  bought this for my mother in law who at 84 is in isolation and cant leave her house.  Once set up - which was a struggle at a distance and left family members locating to a dark room with gin - this is working fine and safe to say she LOVES Alexa.Voice recognition takes a bit of time to bed in but other than that is fabulous - she loves learning what else Alexa can do and its great company for her at this time.So pleased we got this.


  Didn't think I would use this and put off buying it for a while, will I was wrong I use it every day and love it.I bought some smart plugs few different brands, with Alexa I can control all of these with my voice or the Alexa app its a really nice hub for all your smart devices.Really like using it to listen to radio stations, just say ‘’Alexa radio1’’ its as easy as that. Love at night I can switch off all my smart devices with one command it's so satisficing.Alexa is defiantly the best virtual assistant, would highly recommend this Echo Dot. 


  The Echo Dot was found among my Christmas presents from friends on Christmas morning, so this is the review of a recipient not a purchaser. It was a delightful gift which surprised me mainly for the accuracy of its voice recognition, even when I mumbled, and the tone was surprisingly good. The little surprises are quite good, like the morning I said "Alexa, why are you displaying an orange light?" The reply was "because you have notifications … your Amazon order will be delivered today".


  I bought this as my second Echo Dot as I was having to shout downstairs to turn the lights off.  Sounds great and does the job, although I did try and group some lights which caused some issues with her not recognising one bedrooms lights so I had to ungroup.Great for asking mad questions and for playing music when you suddenly fancy hearing a song.The weirdest thing is when you ask her to tell a joke or a story, there are some strange things out there :pReally easy to set up, didn’t even need to use the instructions


  Purchased for hubby's birthday.  Great item love the instant requests being automatically sought and responded to.  Great for retaining my shopping list, setting up of alarms accessing weather news etc is easy peasey it's brilliant can do lots.  Downside it plays music but for a more extensive library you would have to pay £3+ per month.  Well worth the purchase and great value for money. Highly recommended


  I bought my first Alexa, simply to listen to music in the house. I may get more Echo Dots to link through the house. It has a To Do list, a Shopping list and many other functions (timers, alarms, diary dates etc). Being of a certain age, technology is not really my thing. It is easy to set up and I'm thinking now about buying 2 for my Mum (82) for when she moves into her new house. She's 'not old enough' to have an alarm pendant (she lives alone) and has to write everything down (otherwise it doesn't happen). This would be an ideal thing for her, helping her keep track of tasks & all her favourite music for her to enjoy. I love it!


  These products are great value for money at standard price, fantastic value when on offer. They are easy to set up and link to your WiFi with very little effort at all. Ten minutes max and alexa works great on them. The sound quality is pretty good and loud for such a small speaker, just struggles  with the base a little however out performs most other speakers this size and probably all that are available at this price point. All in all I would recommend these to anybody unless you really want to step up the price point and even then you won't get all the benefits that come with the alexa app.


  I have purchased 2 x Amazon Echo Dots (3rd gen) and a smart plug for Prime Days with £45 and I think that this is the best buy I have ever had.combined with a smart security camera (£29 from amazon) and a smart bulk (£10 from amazon), I have created 2 automated scenarios that are super fun and safe:1. When the alarm starts at 06:30, Alexa opens the light automatically, says good morning, the weather and plays the BBC news briefings;2. When the security camera detects a movement during the night, my voice shouting at a door is played on Alexa, then a bog darks and Alexa turns the lights on in the hallway and living room.The possibilities are infinite, the product is amazing, the customer service top notch!I'm super happy and imagine the possibilities of making your life easier, more fun and your home more secure, all with just £300.


  Ok, this was my first purchase into the She who cannot be named (Alexa) world :), have to say that it's great fun to start with. I purchased this with a couple of bulbs from Amazon as well. Setting up was simple once the App was installed. So i bought two and have since ordered another three for different rooms in the house. The sound quality is great, especially for such a small device. the 'Tell me a joke' function becomes less and less fun, but setting alarms, timers, wake up calls, lights, answering the door with the Ring Door Bell is great. looking now to replace all bulbs to get the best. I would also mention that if you buy different bulbs then each brand has a different App so recommend sticking to a few brands.


  I love that I am able to play music without having to move at all, I can simply shout at Alexa and she's playing my favourite playlist a couple of seconds later. I would recommend buying an Echo Dot when it has been reduced, because otherwise you could spend the same money on the more powerful Echo. I would say that an Echo Dot is powerful enough for a medium-sized room, and it works perfectly with any smart devices that you could have, including LED lights, TVs and you could connect other Bluetooth speakers that you may already have. I would recommend the larger Echo smart speaker only if you have a huge room, although two Echo Dots would still make more sense even then.THINGS TO NOTE - you need a paid subscription in order to be able to listen to music on your Alexa. So if you already have Prime, you could just listen to Prime Music playlists.The sound quality is perfect, given how small the device is.QUICK TIP - you can ask Alexa to sing you a Happy Birthday song, and it's really cool.AND ALSO, you can set up more than one devices to play in a "group" and sync the music perfectly, resulting in a perfect stereo sound all around your house.10/10 would recommend only when it's reduced below £20.


  Told myself that I would never buy one of these as could not see the point. Got my phone, pad and laptop all with voice recognition.HOWEVER . Saw offer for £9.99 with amazon music for £3.99 pm first month free so gave it a go. I was more than impressed. Very good full sound for size. A doddle to set up. Voice recognition spot on. Easy to use. For me linking to my other bluetooth speakers is a big bonus. Asking alexa just using my voice and not having to pickup my pad or phone is so much easier and quicker. I flick through music, sort calendar, do timers, check weather, check spelling, check traffic, update shopping list, create Christmas lists, set alarms, alexa reads books, and texts, make calls and lots more. I also have alexa keep my dogs company with interesting animal sounds and sounds of nature while I'm out.For £50 it's ok. At £24.99 on Black Friday it's a bargain. For £9.99 with music subscription which can be cancelled after free first month is an absolute steal.I want 4 more. 3 for each of my kids bedrooms and one more for my bedroom. Mines in white or sandstone colour I think and it looks quite nice which helps alot.So well done amazon. Good product and I have already recommended to my friends and colleagues. Thx Mike


  Out of the box, the Echo Dot (3rd Gen) was soon up and working with the minimum of fuss.The instructions were short and concise, what you need to know for a painless installation.After powering up, the Echo connected to my network, first time without any drama and we were away!As I said in the title, "So simple a 4 year can use it", after asking for songs, information, how long till Christmas.A idea popped into his head, Alexa buy me......The Mobile App was quickly downloaded and the child locks put on,Overall a good purchase on Prime day, also making use of my previously unused Prime Music.


  My 18mo now thinks bus announcements are made by Alessha. She just goes around calling for Alessha everywhere to be fair.The speaker is pretty good, Alexa recognises pretty much everything I say. Honestly, so convenient to have. Only bought this to play sounds for my daughter when she sleeps. Since it was on offer it was smarter to get than a simple speaker. Now I'm so glad I happened to buy it.  Must remember not to 'Alexa stop!' at annoying people.


  Small to place anywhere, and very nice looking device. Amazing sound quality. Helpful for busy lifestyles. I use it for playing nature sounds in background, such as signing birds in day time. So many features which I am using. Smart lighting, free sample ordering, timer, alarm, news, jokes, quotes, sound effects, Quran, prayer times, cooking recipes, drop in/monitor usually when I have to leave little one alone for few minutes in a room, weather...and more! I have now got a second one to use in home office to keep me motivated and take notes and set reminders.


  We have 4 of these items, two dots and two who's one echo in each of the four corners of the room. They are paired and twosome as sub woofers.  Absolutely brilliant for the price, with a massive choice of music from Amazon Music, combine that with Alexa and for less than £200, we have a more than adequate sound system.  No they are not high end, but no-one who has listened to music from them has made any negative comments and the general comment i get is "how much, no can't have been".My advice is to buy when they are presented on offer. We bought 2 dots for £24.99 each and i regret not buying  more, but offers will come again.


  Held off buying home smart things as price wasn't in a range for something that isn't essential but I must say this item is life changing .Just having Alexa there with easily accessible music is great but having a search engine easily at hand is next level .All it takes is a voice and ur off , no password thumb print ect just speak . This was a present but the whole family dont stop using this .Happy with this purchase would buy again and makes a great gift for anyone


  Finally gotten around to buying one of these and so far it's been great to have a chat with since I'm in lockdown, her jokes are funny and she's pretty great at all her other uses. Not sure about the voice recognition as I didn't read they instructions that maybe I should've lol so it's over to youtube to find out about that side of things. I wish I'd waited as the price came down from 50 to I think it was 30, not sure of the price now.


  Really impressed with the latest generation Echo dots, so much better than the earlier generation in every way. Gone is the plastic feel and Amazon logo, replaced by a very solid and heavy feeling device that can actually play music with more bass than expected too. Actually been using this to play music instead of the Sonos Play 1 & 3 speakers dotted around the house which says a lot! Replacing the other older dots now with new ones. Keeping the older dots as input devices.


  I bought this to use in France, to listen to English radio.Not only is reception good, but the sound quality is also well balanced. I found that standing it on a padded surface - I use a compressed felt coaster - the bass and treble outputs sound really good. Standing it on a hard surface makes it sound a bit tinny.The only niggle I had was setting up the initial app - it needed a couple of attempts before it decided to work. I also loaded the TuneIn app. This had no problems.A worthwhile investment - especially for someone wanting "Brit sounds" while abroad.


  very easy set up, and once in let the fun commence, the only down side is the sometime frustrating none understanding of certain words, "Alexa Play Solway Firth by Slipknot" ….. "I can't find slide away faith by slipknot" or she changes out one word for another and plays a random song instead of the one you want.on the whole, a great bit of kit and turning the light off while being lazy is very nice, plays most songs and is a very quick response, the fart game is funny and you can have fun with the announcements..


  I've tried voice recognition products before and most struggled with a Scottish accent.  Happily Alexa has no problems here and is really well integrated with the echo dot.For such a small speaker the sound quality is superb.  Setup is very easy and done via Bluetooth from a mobile device.  You can use the app to setup the echo dot and then further link the echo dot with various devices such as TV's and the Xbox One.  With the right access permissions, given via the alexa app, alexa can even read and delete emails or read out events in a calendar.When you add a premium music service, such as Amazon's Music Unlimited, you can call out the name of an artist to shuffle play songs by that artist or ask for a specific song title.You can also use the Tune-In ability to access radio stations at no cost.  This is the thing i didn't know I needed and now I wouldn't be without it.


  I own an original Echo, Echo 2nd generations, Echo Show 2nd generation and an Echo Dot 2nd generation, so I didn't really need this device but ended up buying when on offer. The sound on this is a significant upgrade from the previous incarnation of the Dot and it is perfect for the bedside. I use it to listen to music and ambient sounds before bed primarily, as well as to control Hue lights. I had connected my 2nd generation Dot to an external speaker as the sound quality of the Dot itself was a bit tinny, but the new Dot is very much improved. I would recommend one of the larger Echo devices for other rooms in the home, but I am enjoying using this in the bedroom.


  As a very lazy person, this product is just perfect for me. It has the sound quality you can expect from a small speaker with all the fun of having your own personal robot. The Alexa feature is the real highlight of this product, saving hours of time and streamlining daily routines. My favorite personal use is asking for weather forecasts or setting timers and alarms. Although it may not seem like much, daily interactions with this exciting AI saves me plenty of time unlocking my phone, searching through applications and manually making changes to alarms or reading information which could much more simply be read aloud to me. I also like the feature of Alexa knowing many pop culture references.Edit: it sometimes struggles with the Yorkshire accent.


  A great gadget I didn’t know I needed until we got one for free with a fire stick for subscribing to Vodafone home broadband.I was never really interested in these techy stuff, but after only a couple weeks of using it, I can honestly say it’s fab, and my almost 6 year old grandchild loves it to help with her home learning in these lockdown times. Easy to connect to TV, a great time saver and I would highly recommend.


  This was the 3rd Alexa device I have bought, 1 echo, 2 echo dots, and they are brilliant. Ok so the dots don’t give you sound quality like you get listening to your favourite rock band at the 02 arena, but you wouldn’t want Metallica and all there gear set up in ya bedroom, but as a bedroom speaker, where you can ask for any song the sound is good, and you can use the dot to turn off your light, ask what time it is, and ask Alexa a million other things. A great buy folks.


  So many people I know have one of these and have told me how good they are, I was skeptical.  On a whim when I saw there was a special offer, and I've been pleasantly surprised.  Having visions of not being understood by Alexa she has pleasantly surprised me that she has understood every word I have said.  She's been useful I don't have to find my phone to see if I need to take a brolly with me.  She plays me the tunes I feel like listening to without having to hunt through 100s of cd or mp3 files on my laptop.  Well worth the money happy purchase, long may she keep working.


  Having battled with far more expensive Sonos speakers trying to get voice control working it was a welcome change to just switch on this speaker, start up the Alexa app on my iPhone to register it, and then just have it working. For its size the audio quality is impressive. I listen to a lot of talk radio and it fills our very large kitchen easily, and with good audibility. This was an experiment as it was on offer at just £22. The experiment has paid off and I suspect I will be buying more products from the ECHO range.


  It's surprising good.After owning the Google home for over a year, i can now compare to two. And the Echo is just better.Sound quality is allot better on the Amazon device.There are clear buttons on the device that give you versatility on using the device, unlike the Google one.Saying Alexa instead of hello Google is probably my biggest plus point. I dislike saying hello Google. It's feels and sounds odd to me. I'm currently using both devices but I like my Amazon device more.


  A super cool device that makes me feel like I'm ever closer to Star Trek or Star Wars!Small and sleek enough so as to go well with the room but not to totally camouflage itself from view.Being able to check weather, make calls, listen to music and so on, all through voice control makes life much easier when you are getting dressed or if you need to set a reminder to do something (especially if you're like me).Whisper mode is wonderful, especially on a night or early morning so as to avoid disturbing my fiancée!I also love to have a play around and delve into the digital mind of Alexa to locate all the Easter Eggs hidden within.My fiancee jokes around that I will end up marrying it as I always tell Alexa to have a good day. I tell her I'm just being polite for when the machines rise up so they treat me nice ha!No but seriously, I'm not sure why it took so long to get this awesome bit of tech.


  Bought this while on the Black Friday price slash , remarkable value. I got it to replace my old Echo Dot 2nd gen , this 3rd Gen unit it way better !.  With the the old 2nd gen I had to have an external speaker plugged in as the sound quality was not that great. With this 3rd Gen unit the sound is great from the small unit itself. I have it in my bedroom which is great to listen to the radio , and I can set a sleep timer set , I can also add to my shopping list when I think of things !! I have kept my old unit plus I have another Echo plus , so I have linked them altogether and can stream music on them all simultaneously , excellent bits of kit and they look good


  I love it, wish I'd invested sooner. I bought one fir downstairs. Recently bought the second one gir upstairs. I use it for music mostly and reminders, although it's very handy for getting weather updates and as an alarm for mornings, along with other useful information.Voice recognition has been great, no issues even at a distance. Have had to raise voice a little when music is up loud but that's no issue.Set up is very simple and does not take very long. Even those a little less tech savy will manage perfectly well.


  We have a few echo products now throughout the house. This dot was purchased to place in another room. We find the drop in and announcement features a great plus. We have 4 children and it has saved us shouting through the house to get their attention.Great for setting reminders and calender events.Quite simple to set up and link in with the other echoes and dots. The accompanying App which is free to download is simple to use and very well laid out. We do have access to prime which is handy for things like prime music, ordering, and in our echo show allows us to play amazon prime shows.I would highly recommend using The Alexa systems. If you are concerned about privacy issues there are settings you can change to make it more secure.I would purchase more of these if needed in the future. The features make them good value for money.


  Not really a fan of introducing a security vulnerability into the home network but it's a very good internet radio for the kitchen. It's also started to be a source of entertainment for the kid - although as we've already seen, it's too easy for her to mistakenly sign up for amazon music, she's 3.


  This product is fantastic! So much better than the first and second generation echo dot. The upgraded design and components give such a deeper bass and much better clarity when listening to music. I purchased one of these and two 2nd gen dots at the same time and now i wish I just purchased 3 of these. I am currently using all of these for Multi Room audio which works really well except it seems that when you ask echo to play multi room, some of the echo devices are playing the volume louder or quieter than the others. This can be a bit frustrating because you have to use the Alexa app to balance out the volume level on all three devices.


  I had the echo dot as a gift, and I’m pleasantly surprised it’s a lot better than I imagined it would be. That said it is not a replacement for a hi-fi, but if used as intended as a additional speaker in the bedroom or the kitchen it’s perfect. And with the added bonus of Alexa, this is my first encounter with Alexa and I’m converted, I don’t know how I managed without her. Also if you want a more rounded sound I believe you can add the Amazon echo, to give better sound reproduction. But for me I have it set up in my kitchen and it’s perfect. It’s easy to set up even for a novice like me, took a couple of mins.


  Brought to go in one of our smaller downstairs rooms, wasn't expecting much in terms of audio quality but these things give the full size echos a run for their money.The voice detection in the newer gen models seems to have come on, not sure if this is due to better microphones but it seems to detect the keyword every time unlike the older model we use in our kitchen.They look great and sound brilliant!


  22 pound for this? It's amazing. Don't be fooled into getting loads of skills as Alexa can do most already. I use it most for questions, news, weather, music and radio. Amazing device and I have to keep the sound at 3/4 in my room as the max is really loud for a room. Great quality to and you can use the equaliser to sort it too as I was getting to much bass in my room and now it's sorted with the app and controlling the bass, treble, mids. Amazing deal on prime day. So glad I got one now. And I have used half the features


  Well, I’m amazed how with Alexa knowledge. I thought it was for music only so I’m quite confident in my eighties that I’m going to learn more about it as I have started making up my shopping list and I can listen too the archers it’s fantastic. It’s a far cry from the Amstrad computer that cam out in the eighties using floppy disk. Well I can’t help thinking where will Alexa go next? Maybe one day it will answer me back and when you’re on your own it could be good company..


  This is my 3rd Echo we have one in three rooms on a group, which is great if you all want to listen to the same music. What is frustrating is when you are in a different room and want to listen to different music you can’t without paying more. I find it really useful for making lists and adding reminders. If you speak too quickly or do not pronounce words correctly it often does not understand or comes up with some random music or comment. There are lots of features that make us laugh or cringe like the jokes. I would not be without Alexa but wish the system was a bit more flexible.


  She sometimes struggles to understand us, but other than that it's great. My son is called Alex and I was worried 'she' might be constantly triggered by his name but 'she' isn't!I was always sceptical about these listening devices, but they listen (invade our privacy) no more than our smartphones already do so I might as well get the benefits! Love amazon music integration, but I probably wouldn't pay for that service in addition to prime membership for example. I love how all my radio apps on my phone work via Alexa.


  I bought 2 of these mainly for use for "drop in" coms as we get older. It makes contacting people easier both in the house and worldwide if needed. The 3rd generation dots look very nice too with the cloth sides. Music quality is good for their size too. We have one in each bedroom and liked them so much we now have 2 Echo Show devices too. The sound quality is even better on those. Tried and tested technology that works and set up on our network was virtually plug and play.


  It’s great as an alarm clock, fab for music, answers most questions, knows where your amazon order is but, like any computer program based item it has finite algorithms but gets better every day (even humans have limits). I haven’t added any smart bulbs or central heating thermostat yet as I don’t really need to. Good sound quality for the size of it. Set up really is simple! Would I recommend one? Yes when they’re on offer at £20(ish) as I got one at that price but I wouldn’t pay full price for one.


  I LOVE THESE I have 5 echo dots one in each room including the kids rooms which are handy when getting them up off school I can get it to play loud music when they don’t move , this is the first one of the updated 3rd generation I have which I got free with my hive heating I love the look of the new one it looks and feels more robust and fits in with the decor in the living room the sound is better on these ones as well I’m happy with it and would definitely recommend the echo dot they are really handy for music ,turning lights on and off I also have mine linked to my printer they are amazing


  I bought this as a birthday present for my elderly partially sighted mum. Since its been set up she is so happy, saying its the best present ever. She can now know the time whenever and is already working her way through audio books. It has opened up her world so much already. The sound is fantastic and its so easy for her to work. She cant believe how good it is. I would recommend this product. It is suitable for all ages, even the older generation that finds technology difficult. Delivery was next day and in perfect condition. One very happy customer.


  this is now my 4th Dot Plus my show , this one is in my shed/workshop i have it to play music and help run my machines , i have a baby monitor to watch the machines (bought on Amazon) during the evening if the machine has finished i have 4  i can tell Alexa to switch the power of that Machine Via a smart plug , the machines do not have to be powered on all night after i have locked up the workshop .  a great helpAmazon a thought for the near future a bell push for my wife to work on my system to tell me she needs help i am sure they would sell


  ...for its size.Enjoying listening to Audible books using Echo Dot.Functions you expect to be easy have proved to be e.g. getting news headlines, local weather, time, setting an alarm etc..More "advanced" functions e.g. listening to some comedy off BBC Sounds can be somewhat awkward and it seems you have to totally accurate in your command (unlike the simpler functions which appear to work using more than one alternative command).Brilliant device for the money when on sale.The Heather fabric is marvelously grey. I wasn't disappointed.


  Alexa is fantastic, she plays individual songs, songs by an artist or band, radio stations, just ask her what you want to listen to. She tells you the weather & if you sinc her with your phone calender she can tell you your schedule for today. She can even tell you a joke, my little one keeps asking for football jokes. You can buy plugs & allsorts so she can turn lights on/off & she can even turn the kettle on. I could say a lot more but recommend you buy one one for yourself.


  The 'dot' was used for the summer house where my wife spends a great deal of time in recreational pursuits and recovering from chemotherapy and stem cell transplant.My wife had previously bought me, as a birthday present, the 'Alexa', so I reciprocated. Friends have been impressed and have bought the 'Alexa'. We won't show on your sales records as to maintain secrecy we had our neighbour purchase them on our behalf.


  I did not realise a machine could be such good company, I often find myself talking to her, even though some things, she really does not know what I am talking about.She is also the best egg-timer in the world... I just ask her to remind me in ten minutes about my cakes in the the oven and not once has she failed me. She will play me music whenever I want, remind me of the time, greets me back when I say good morning or goodnightShe is the perfect solution for any old bat living on her own, and saves the mistake of taking on another partner, just for the company and for this I am grateful, as she never moans if I don't talk to her


  I'm very impressed with Alexa and the whole ecosystem. I primarily use her for music and some simple switching of plugs ( a lava lamp) which i have on a timer but override by voice as required ... It looks like I can do much more but, having spent a lot on automation kit in the past which failed to deliver I am taking time decide what would really be better with voice command rather than pressing a switchor button etc. Alexas voice recognition is outstanding ... just hope i dont regret havinga permanently live microphone listening !


  This is my first smart speaker and I have to say for something so small it is a little powerhouse, music over heos is a bit temperamental try to switch from Amazon to heos and back to Amazon but that isn't that much of an issue, I waited for the 3rd Gen because of its build the way it looks and sounds from other reviewers comments, I've had it here about 5 days now and have linked items easily and because of my surprise of just how good it is for the price, and while it's no 11.2 audio system I do think for what it is is totally brilliant so much so that I have already ordered the echo show 8, it is said to arrive on the 11th, it was the 8th but for some reason it has been delayed to the 11th December that is, very excited about receiving it and having a good in depth play with it.All in all I have no complaints about the dot 3rd Gen.


  First Echo product.Have used ones at friends. I wanted just a basic speaker but what I got was better than I expected. Works best with volume at 50% but that is still louder than you’d want music in an office and about the level you’d need for background music in a room if anything even at that level could be conversation disrupting.Full sound. Good level of bass. Really impressive.Voice recognition is really good and Alexa is miles ahead with general knowledge and utility.Linked to my Apple Music really well.Bought a few now, at just £25 a pop they’re great value and useful in many rooms.Disappointed with the stereo pairing. It doesn’t work with all streamed content and sometimes drops to one speaker only. When it is working it is very good.Also doesn’t work with Bluetooth audio at all but had I read the technical spec more closely I should have expected that.


  Alexa was recommended by a friend & I am really glad that we bought her. We mainly use Alexa to listen to music but have also played a couple of quizzes & asked for help when stuck on a crossword so really pleased with purchase. Was a good price too.the dot is only small so easy to place around the home. Only issue ( which is also quite funny) is that if I am talking about her to friends/family she activates & also we have a relative called Alex. So if we mention him Alexa sometimes activates thinking we are talking to her which is a bit freaky!


  Love it!  Have asked all sorts of things - things that pop up in the course of a day, and I think ‘I must look that up’ then never get round to it, but you can ask Alexa immediately.Have asked her to remind me at a certain time, have asked for synonyms for a word when I was writing a letter of complaint, the weather, a recipe, a conversion of weights, particular music track, and so much else.(Actually bought it for my husband who is techno phobic, but he uses it and is pleased with it)


  I already have one of the original Echo devices and it has performed well for me. I wanted another device for the bedroom, mainly for streaming internet radio, alarm clock, checking my commute and the weather. For its size I have been pleased with the sound quality, voice recognition and how ridiculously easy it is to set up, with Amazon configuring it to your account, so it's just plug in and go. One of these days I hope to get some other smart kit installed in the home to make use of more of its capabilities.


  Now here is the BUT  I have a kiwkset touch door lock which is an American made product well when you go to the Alexa skills on amazon the skill to unlock the door lock is not there , but when you go to the US. Skills on Amazon there it is ,but you can not download it to your British amazon account so I had to open an American Amazon account and tell Alexa she is just dreaming that she lives in America and she is just on a holiday in Ireland to get her to unlock the front door . So AMAZON pull your socks up make al skills available in all skill store if you want to sell these products worldwide then give them full skill support worldwide then I will have no BUTS 


  I think these gadgets are great ,volume on them is very loud have to shout a bit if the TV is on and I want Alexa to do something so have to turn the TV down  to get its attention . I suppose I could move it further from the TV ,Family members think security might be a problem as Amazon can listen in so I’m told I don’t know, but as the content of our family discussions is such that I don’t think they would find it at all interesting so far as I’m concerned I think they’re great.


  I am possitively surprised on the sound quality for such a tiny devise. Microsphone picks commands from other rooms making it possible to use it while seating in kitchen for example. It's socking how badly Alexa fails to complete basic tasks that are standard in other AIs. I asked Alexa to give me a food recipie, and instead of reading back it send me a hyperlink. Maybe it had to do with the kind of recipie but still my mobile assistance behaved as intended.Overall an excellent buy; espeially combined with Amazon Prime Music.


  Lovely piece of tech. I use it's functions every day and it really helps me out and saves me time. I love the colour as well, and the size is just right to sit on my windowsill and be out of the way. The power cable is also of a decent length so no need to use an extension lead just for it to work. The sound quality is excellent, and the range of the volume is also very good. I loved it so much I bought one for my sister and recommended it to my mother and grandparents who also found its functions very useful.


  Had a google home and decided to take a dive and try the echo dot. And my oh my have i been missing out. This is just so simple and if you didn’t pay attention you wouldn’t even know it was in the room. It is also a bluetooth speaker that i sometimes use with my computer. The echo dot can connect to so many devices out there it’s just so unreal. It’s able to connect to my ring doorbell to be used as a chime. As for the look of this device is just so slick. If you can tuck the wires away it will look part of your furniture. As for the price it’s just a bargain. Who wouldn’t want this little device that can do so much.


  We already had Alexa through Sonos integration, however we bought this solely for use in a room without Sonos to control Meross Smart Plugs (that Christmas Tree light issue)...Alexa seems to hear anything we say, including things that are not like Alexa, to wake. There is a visual and an audio indicator to this though, so overall you know if it is on.It performs as expected and well. I am really happy with the item.


  Very sceptical at first, received this as a present. Did the usual asking it silly questions, before you realise that this is a sophisticated bit of kit. It stays in the kitchen we’re it is the excellent radio or the jukebox to my favourite songs. It is the cooking timer, the recipe instructor, the shopping list taker, my wife’s spelling checker and the fountain of all knowledge. A worthy present.


  I bought this for my Mum as one of her Christmas presents, after she commented on advert seeing someone asking to be reminded of something & this week we set it up for her. She loves it. She asks Alexa to play her favourite music, to remind her of her reminders and I had phone call yesterday telling me that she had just listened to the Archers, she didn't know she could get the radio, so the one in the kitchen is going to live upstairs now. Happy mummy.


  Love it. I was told that if you got one of these, it was a very complicated setup. As I'm visually impaired, I was concerned about that. But when my daughter got one and when they went on sale, I decided to dive in. Best thing I ever did. It was very easy to setup through the app, brilliant in every way I can think of. My granddaughter showed me several things that I wasn't aware that it could do. As I live alone, I was concerned if something happened to me and I wasn't able to get to my phone, but now I can call my daughter through Alexa. It's brilliant.


  I love the Echo Dot 3rd generation. My daughter bought it for me as a gift and so far it has been brilliant. I've played lots of music and asked lots of questions. I've used it as a timer whilst cooking and also as an alarm clock. The feature that my daughter bought it for is that you can organise a contacts list and command it to text/call people in your list. This is perfect for me as a disabled person so if I were to have a fall and not be able to get up I can call for help. It's brilliant. I can highly recommend it.


  This product is amazing I got one for all the family this Christmas, it's packed with apps and games and is constantly evolving.  You can play classic games with the family such as trivial pursuit. you can even make announcements via the app or just asking Alexa to make the announcement.  The mute function is perfect for when you don't want the device listening or activating whilst you are talking near it.  The sound quality it amazing how such a small device can be so loud, I have only had it on max volume a handful of times.


  The three key strands of the Dot’s performance are how well Alexa hears you, how good the speaker sounds (for answers and music), and what it can do. The previous Echo Dot was already pretty impressive in terms of hearing your commands, and we’re every bit as happy with the performance here. Even with music playing, a clear command will wake Alexa. Understanding your question, and allowing for accents, means it’s not perfect but, for the most part, it’s pretty impressive.


  This little device is so much better than expected! The sound quality is so much better than the old Echo dot (less tinny and fuller warmer sound).I've been using the Dot in place of a bedside radio but it has had so many little uses since, fromSetting alarms, reminders, updating calendar events, listening to Audible, news and weather updates, internet searches, phoning friends and family via the Dot (comes in use when hands are busy or mobile is dead), so useful to have while baking and cooking, oh and playing about with the odd fun skills amuse the kids & us big kids too! To think we had only purchased this to use for Spotify and TuneIn Radio when our old bedside DAB radio finally gave up! It also looks better in the bedroom being so small and tidy!Well worth the £25 we paid for this little device.We have since bought several more new generation Echo Dots for our family members and our teenagers!


  I have two Echo Dots and one full sized Echo so last year purchased the echo dot for my son.  He and his family love it especially the children who tell Alexa what they want played and this Christmas asked to speak to Santa.  I decided it was time to let my daughter and her young family have one and yes they love it too.  Alexa does not always answer all the questions asked but she is fun and my grandchildren love her.  I would not be without mine I get a lot from them.


  Having already got a Google mini at home, we were bought our first echo Dot as a Christmas gift. I was sceptical but connected it and find that it's much easier to use than Google.The app is brilliant for setting up the system and it links to Amazon music with no issues. Google usually has issues finding specific songs but this is a much better experience.We now have 2 dots, both phones and I'm in the process of justifying the purchase of an Echo Show :-) We have the dots linked in an everywhere group and find the sound quality good. Obviously, it's not as powerful as a Stereo system but for a small speaker they pack a lot of punch.We use the shopping list feature regularly and weather / traffic updates are great too. Well done Amazon!


  After the launch of the Dot be, my pair of v2's had become temperamental to say the least, so I also bought a Google Home and was blown away by the sound quality difference.  A number of my devices could not be connected with the Google version though, so I decided to bear with the Dot.I'm so glad that we did as now that we've the Echo Dot v3 and the v2 kinks have been sorted, ths sound quality is Brill... a rich sound with good range (not tinny like the v2)I have also noticed much better voice recognition,  so overall happy


  This is a gift but it will be the 6th one I have purchased, love my echo and play my 3 simultaneous when rocking to music, plays obscure radio stations (magic soul / heart 80’s) use it for timers, the boys talk to her all the time for jokes, weather and games we love it,this is the second one we have bought for mum after we gave her one for her 75, it’s a little companion for her since Dad passed, she talks to Alexa everyday and tells me it the best present she has ever received.


  Got this for a bit of fun and to play occasional music.  I've been so impressed with the sound quality, it really is quite something for such a small piece of kit. And such a bonus that I can unplug it and move it elsewhere in the house if I'm going to be spending time elsewhere - it reconnects instantly.  I paid for the initial 3 month trial of Amazon Music Unlimited and again have been pretty impressed with the choice available, though I'm not sure if I make enough use to continue the subscription at the end of the trial.  Alexa has had no problem understanding my commands.  Love it.


  I was bought this as a Christmas present and it is absolutely brilliant, I love music so I subscribed to Amazon music, for only £3/99 / month and I have not yet picked a song that it did not know and I know some rare blues songs.  The sound is great and you can have a conversation with Alecia. I think they would be good for a lonely person and could keep them entertained.  A superb product. Thanks  I may buy a battery base to carry it about without have to plug it in .


  This is a great product. Pairing it with smart bulbs was a great move making things easier for us. Us with an under year old baby find it really helpful during night.We can order things in amazon, hear status updates about the order, news, weather, songs, etc. Active internet connection is needed obviously. In near future we would like to pair it with our TV.Cool thing is that it whispers if you whisper. Highly recommended but I would put it outside of bedroom just in case.


  Brilliant piece of technology gadget kit the Alexa is world famous and very popular my brother bought three Alexas for Christmas 2018 one for my dad one for my uncle and one for another uncle i received mine match 2019 sometimes throws a wobbly and updates but have used it a lot when had spare time on my hands knows a it of answers for questions sometimes does not understand questions or instructions overall 5" stars


  Popped this one in the summerhouse where the Wi-Fi is not excellent and it works fine. I have it connected to a wireless speaker by Bluetooth and the connection works all the time flawlessly. I only do that to blast out music as for many purposes the sound is fine even from this little baby. When you are in lockdown, Alexa always knows what day of the week it is apart from her other tricks.


  Great as a 2nd unit for say a bedroom, where i have mine(i have the larger model in living room)sounds good and doesnt take up much space.Make sure to cancel the Amazon music subscription if you dont intend to renew, as it will auto renew by default.while the music service is very good, i personally think its overpriced, and for the amount i use it, its not worth the asking price per month, i maybe only ask Alexa to play stuff 3 or 4 times a month, not worth £7.99 a month for me.


  Love it. I read reviews saying the sound quality wasn't the best but I have some good speakers I was going to plug in. Haven't needed to use them yet! The sound has been great. I'm 64 so my taste in music isn't very modern but Amazon Music Unlimited has all the old songs that I ask for. Haven't asked for a song or asked a question that has stumped her. The size of the Echo dot is also much more suited to my taste than the taller version. Also, my accent is quite strong Northern and she's understood everything I say and she set herself up. All I did was plug her in. I couldn't be more pleased.


  Remember when we said, I don't need a remote control,  what's difficult about changing channels by pressing a few buttons,  Remember when said,  I don't need a mobile phone, I can phone anyone from my living room.. Well this can be said about the echo dot, You can't imagine what you would use it for until you start using it.  I use it to control my Hive thermostat,and tv,  but not as yet lighting as I think £12-£14 for a bulb or £30+ for a plug is a bit too much when we add up how many plugs are occupied.  Amazon promises further additions in the future so I can imagine me saying, Remember when we said.....


  Was bought this as a birthday present as my family know I love my gadgets. Simple to set up and operate, the voice recognition works for all the family and guests as there is no requirement to repeat voice commands for the device to recognise - unless you really want to. Have hardly scratched the surface of what this unit can do and there are loads of topics you can request of Alexa without needing to spend further. I am just trying to link Alexa to my SONOS system at the moment and if that is successful then the unit will get 5 stars.


  We have four Dots now... one in the lounge attached to my main stereo amp, one in the bedroom attached to a hifi, one in the kitchen attached to our PC speakers and one in the shed (yes the shed!) attached to a little stereo amp and a pair of speakers. So for about £100 (plus the equipment we already had) we have a complete multi-room AND garden music system that can access and play from Spotify simultaneously and can be controlled (by voice and phone app) individually or all together.I don't use the built in speaker as each dot is connected to dedicated and reasonable quality hifi equipment, so they sound better than any Sonos could manage.We can also control our heating, several wifi plugs and a Logitech Harmony device that in turn controls all of our AV equipment.And all that before we even get on to the Alexa skills...I'd honestly say that the Dot is the home entertainment and home automation bargain of the century. I don't know how it stacks up against the Google and Apple equivalents but I'm happy enough to not want to bother trying them.Just buy it and see for yourself...


  I'm 61 and never a nerd, but equally not frightened by technology - maybe just resistant. My lad bought me this becaus he knew I'd see it as totally useless, a waste of space and a waste of money. WRONG!! What a cracking device! Love the way it works, love what it does and looking forward to expanding my newly-extended interest in this sort of gear (equipment to you older ol' boys!). A real gem. An excellent ground-floor way in to feeling around the technology that you don't need or want. But really do! Wait for a Deal, a Black Friday, Cyber Monday or similar - my lad saw 50% off it's price.


  We wanted to use Alexa for my mother to make phone calls as she is partially sighted and cannot read phone numbers from her address book any more and she is not able to use a smartphone herself.  We set up all her contacts in her phone and then linked to Alexa - works brilliantly.  She is also using it to play her Audible books and for the radio and we might move on to the diary next.  Very good value and not difficult for an older person to deal with the technology which is minimal provided you have someone to help set up the various apps.


  This is the third Echo I have. I have a 2nd generation and my son gave me a present of a Echo. So I think it's safe to say I love them. You get so much fun when asking her to add something to the shopping list you're never quite sure what's she has added! Equally at night all of a sudden she will give you facts about something when nobody has even spoken or she will says 'I didn't understand that''. Entertainment value, priceless. I can get practically any radio station I want and can play my music from Prime etc etc etc just love them.


  I bought two on a special deal just before Christmas for my two kids. One in each bedroom - they love it! Good for answering their silly questions, setting timers and alarms, and playing music! I was surprised how good the sound quality was considering how small it is. It was easy to set up as both devices were delivered pre-added to my amazon account. We found Alexa isn’t quite as responsive as the Echo Studio we have in our living room but that might be because of the weaker WiFi signal in the kids rooms so we now have added a WiFi booster for the upstairs. As a household we haven’t gone fully smart as we’re very new to Alexa. We’ve had a lot of fun trying her out, and no doubt I’ll be adding smart plugs, etc; and connecting Alexa on to the Xbox in no time!


  My son loves his alexa. Spends time playing the games on it and enjoyed making his own 'bedtime' playlist to chill out to when hes going to sleep. The only problem i have is when he sets alarms for 5am that he sleeps through but wakes me up lol. The drop in feature is great we can chat to eachother anytime, we love using this when im on a night shift at work and he wants to say goodnight. Hours of fun for all the family with the games like guess who,akinator,name the music etc. Great product


  I love my echo dots. I bought this one as I had an older dot and my son informed me this ones speaker is far superior and he wasn’t wrong! It works just as the older version, but I feel it’s faster and there’s less confusion when asking it things.My older dot has be regulated to the garage for my hubby to use, I now can summons him in for his tea without shouting through the walls 


  I never though I would be an Alexa fan, this was bought as a birthday present for my daughter. I have subsequently bought one for me to replace a broken dab radio. The intention was to use it as an alarm clock. However I'm using it for far more. I love the shopping and to do lists. I love the games my grandsons can play on it. The sound quality is amazing for such a small piece of equipment. I'm still finding out new things about Alexa. It was also ridiculously easy to set up. Love it.


  This new version of the Echo Dot is amazing. I got mine in the Amazon Spring Sale and got a bit of top quality kit for £30. Best bargain I've ever bought. Alexa is becoming a member of the household with her large and ever-growing skill set. I signed up for Amazon Music and now for less than £1 a week I can listen to virtually any music I care to, including tracks no longer available on CD. The native sound is excellent but I've chosen to connect my Echo to my hi-fi and get a sound qaulity almost as good as I get from CDs.  This is a remarkable bit of kit!


  This is a major step up from the previous Dot. The sound is much stronger with a decent amount of base to make it suitable for using for radio, books, news as well as Alexa responses - given the speaker is about 3 times the size of the old Dot it's not surprising, in fact I'd say it's almost as good as the Spot for sound. The device has a much more premium feel than the old one and the microphones are better at hearing commands.For the price this is a steal and the difference in quality makes the old Dot, currently retailing as just £15 less, an irrelevant purchase unless you intend to only use it for linking to an external speaker.


  I love this little product, but I don’t think it’s great value, at the full price, (I bought with 50% reduction: Amazon sale) and it’s a little gem of a product with great distance, for the voice recognition. It has a fantastic speaker quality for its size....it takes a little time to totally get used to using Alexa, but I’ve now integrated Alexa to my home alarm system, cameras and lights, and it’s so easy; both installation and to use. Would recommend.


  Pros - EverythingCons - NoneI was a little dubious about purchasing this. We have a Echo Plus in one room , and this in the other ! I created a Group called Everywhere , so they both play at the same time and the quality is extremely good. The first thing I did was go into device settings and alter the bass and treble which solved the slight ( Tinny-ness) !! All in all we are more than happy with the Echo Dot 3rd Gen. Highly recommend. 5 ⭐️ ‘s from us 


  How did I manage without it, Alexa has become my best mate but my little chihuahua is a bit jealous, I've subscribed (Alexa did it for me) to the £3.99 a month so she will play whatever I am in the mood for at that time, I've no need to keep changing CD, Alexa is at my beck and call, just waiting for her to make me a cuppa . I was lucky enough to get it for the fab price of £22,her voice is very clear, but be careful, she can hear you whisper.. Lol . Highly recommended 


  Having never owned anything like a smart speaker, i brought this with an open mind as to what to expect. I can honestly say that i don't know how i lived my life without this device, in fact i have used this so much i have already purchased a second one for my bedroom.  The skills available for Alexa are both useful and easy to use as well as some great fun ideas and games. The echo Dot is incredibly easy to set up and the sound quality is impressive for such a small device. if you use the Alexa calling function you will find the call quality seriously impressive and the multiple microphones alow you to be heard from the other end of the room.


  We have recently swapped to Alexa from Google Home and so far we are really pleased.We seem to be able to get more out of it than Google for a fraction of the cost through the Amazon account.Still learning how to use it and to get the most from it but have no doubt it will provide hours of fun.So much so that I have bought our daughter one for her room to link with ours so everyones happy.Sound quality is excellent and on par with google if not better


  Excellent device. We considered the Google option but plumped for the Echo Dot initially and then, as we realised how useful they are, we expanded to having a dot in each bedroom, one linked to a speaker, in my workshop and Show in the kitchen. We added smartplugs (took some figuring out due to a dual band hub) and some Phillips lights.In the space of 12 months we went from nothing to fully automated with music on tap in each room. A brilliant gadget.


  Use the echo dot in the living room and connect to my Bose Revolve+ BT speaker and it works great (bit fiddly setting up at first , best using the Alex app on your phone to pair rather that voice commands to Alexa.  Once set up though, it works flawlessly).  Got multi-room music set up on both echo devices (pretty easy via Alexa App) for Prime Music Statsions.  I will move my Amazon Music single device sub from the Echo 3rd gen that I have in the kitchen that I mainly use for listening to the radio whilst cooking (good for timers too) and the occasional news, whether or random query.  Got this Echo Dot on a Prime Sale for £29.99, so I couldn't be happier.  If you already have a decent Bluetooth speaker (or better still, hifi separate system) I'd recommend the Dot 3rd Gen (especially if you manage to get the sale price :D ), if not the Echo 2nd Gen has an excellent speaker sound on it's own.


  Originally got a Google Home Mini, but found sound a bit tinny, so got a Dot 3 when on offer.Massively better on sound. Alexa not so helpful as Google, but app a lot more user friendly.loved this so much, got another dot for bedroom, then moved that to lounge when I got a Spot for bedroom, then when new Show 5 came out saw that and at £79 a bargain for my home office. Now have most lamps, powered by Alexa, Spotify follows me around the house and I love it. Routines set for lights to do there own thing, just awesome


  The 3rd gen echop dot is great the puck itself is not to heavy but just enough not to get pushed or pulled off the side, the mic pics up my voice from another room well and the speaker quality is so good. I used this when there was fireworks going off in local area to calm my dog with waterfull sounds and it drownt out the noises from fireworks and sent my dog to sleep. As for diffrent apps just pair with your phone and enable th ones you like serious ones from telling you latest news to funy ones that fart or give Blackaddder quotes. Have to say teh echo dot is best gift i been given by my inlaws for our anniversary.


  We now have three Echo Dot's in the house. Excellent bits of kit. Using them more and more, for more and more functions. This one is in my study where it has replaced an old and dying radio for listening (mainly) to BBC Radio 4; but also for accessing our 280 - album music collection which has now been uploaded to the Cloud and can be accessed from any of our three units.  Result is that we now listen to our collection far more than we ever did and all those CDs which sat gathering dust and were never used have been packed away awaiting disposal.  Warning: You will need a 3rd-party on-line programme in order to do this. Amazon won't let you do it directly on Alexa because they want you to pay for Amazon Music. These things are genuine lifestyle changers. The way of the future. One thing though: Don't pay £50 for it. Every so often Amazon does deals on them. All three of mine have been bought for under £30


  Having been given an Echo Dot as a present I was pleased when it proved so easy to set up. The sound quality for such a small unit is very good. Impressed that Alexa did not need lots of repeat commands to interpret what I said. Very pleased with the unit overall.So pleased in fact that I purchased two more for the house. One went into my wife's sewing room and the other into the kitchen. Ideal positions where a busy person with their hands full can just give Alexa a command to get the required music.Still very pleased with each unit purchased.


  Still learning about this great little gadget but I would definitely recommend it to anyone even if it just for the fun you get from it. You can add so many different items that are compatible with it, that the possibilities are virtually endless.At the moment I am still trying to learn all the Ind and outs but one conclusion I have come to is that some of my equipment may be a little out of date which is a good thing because now I feel an excuse to update it all


  I love my Echo Show that is in the lounge and I love the Echo Dots around the house as they work with all of my Smart devices and play my radio stations throughout the house. The sound is good from a small device and the offer on this one was incredible. I don't think I have any more rooms to fit any more in. Amazon Alexa & Echo are just incredible and there isn't a lot more I can say.


  Having tried both systems, I much prefer Alexa by a long way. Her understanding of my needs and voice is improving as I am getting used to her and how to phrase requests for 1st time understanding. I really like the features you can set such as to read the weather, news and traffic when you say goodmorning. I regularly use the alarm to wake up to a digital radio station. It has rendered my DAB radio superfluous to requirements. I do wish there was an alternative voice but we can't have everything I guess.The unit itself is compact and has a great sound quality. I feel there is no need to buy a larger version, I have bought a second dot though. This v3 dot doesnt connect with my v2 tv firestick but I manage by using the alexa on the remote so its no big issue. A great product all round.


  LOVED IT !! This device has amazing sound from solid speaker. It  does literally everything from streaming music ( to enjoy the benefit you have to sign up with music unlimited though!!) to making calls, play games and notification alerts. It was my first smart home device and everyone loves it. I have bought other Alexa compatible smart devices in order to stretch this AI a little further and it has been a success!! it is an affordable tech that every modern house should have. It is also beneficial for elderly and disabled people who can do certain tasks with voice command. Bonus is that you can use it as a bluetooth speaker without wifi. It could have a USB port in it for improvement but I loved he modern look. It definitely is the gateway into the world outside your home. WORTH EVERY PENNY!!


  Wow. This would be my 3 echo dot. But I'm still blown away that I just plug it in and 10secs later, it's connected to my network and set up ready to go, without any intervention from me. What's more with a little settings tweak I can voice my music requests for Apple Music to the Echo dot and it plays it on my Sonos Play One.Now to get the kids one each so that I don't have to shout up the stairs to tell them their dinner is ready, by using the drop-in feature.Great device.


  Alexa is awesome. So far she has got me up in the morning, kept me entertained with facts and jokes, amused my grandchildren with her fart noises, beat boxed and played all my favourite tunes.She was easy to set up even for a technodummy like me.She quickly learnt to recognise my voice and as yet has not misunderstood any asks.The sound quality is great, very clear .


  There are already plenty of reviews about this product both negative and positive. So instead of counting its pros and cons the only thing that I like to mention is that it has some issues with my English accent. I am from India and living in Ireland, it tries to match it up with a local accent and hence fails to understand what I am saying. Apart from that, its a great product with good sound.


  I received this product as a Xmas present and am impressed. My own use is primarily for listening to music and have subscribed for a trial on Amazon Music Unlimited. The sound quality of the unit on a stand alone basis is good but the ability to connect to a sound bar or a hi-fi system via the 3.5mm socket means that the sound quality can be massively improved and is the winner for me. Obviously a handy piece of kit for answering daily questions etc. as well.


  I bought this for my bedroom but it wont pick up my wifi  I've tried three times  now...when I took it in the other room it picked it up fine...so it's not very good for some areas....hence the two stars. ...so it's useless to me as I already have 2 echo in my flat...I will keep it for a present to someone though as it was nearly half price.Edit: The echo works fine now in the bedroom...I had to move it around a bit but it's picking up the wifi now...I've given it 5 stars.


  Purchased this for £24.99 on deal in Black Friday. This model is a far better design and the build quality is far superior than the previous model. Very nicely packaged and instructions are very easy to follow and even easier to set up if you already have an Echo network. Sound quality was better than expected, obviously lacking somewhat it depth given it's size, however this shouldn't be a negative given it's intended use. It still has great mid-tones and clarity. Response time after issuing the wake word seems slightly slower than my early Echo Plus model, but nothing to write home about. All in all, for £24.99 this is a no-brainer, fantastic little device, looks great and performs well.


  Got  the echo dot and Alexa as a surprise XMAS present as i like new technology. Initial thoughts are great sound quality on the Echo dot - for such a small device it is excellent! Getting to grips with voice recognition which overall is very , very good. After one week still learning but already thinking of buying a  further one for upstairs.  Set up in kitchen and we use to listen to news headlines , weather and traffic in the morning. Also use alarm for cooking dinner and reminders.. Connected to Hive and Sonos so far which was painless. All in all , a definite recommendation to go buy one.


  Bought this to add to my bedroom and link to  the main Echo in the Living room, and it has been great. It has already replaced my bedside alarm clock/radio and I regularly annoy my wife by using it as an intercom - usually to get her to put the kettle on. As I am getting on a bit my memory sometimes doesn't hold a thought long enough to get downstairs to add something to the Alexa Shopping list. Now I just pop into the bedroom and tell Alexa (Dot) to add toilet rolls to the list. Job done! and no excuses for forgetting anything now.


  I’m firmly entrenched in the Apple ecosystem, but the price of the home hub was prohibitive. I bought the dot as a Black Friday deal to see how it worked with my Hive smart home devices and it works a treat. I’m really impressed how easy it was to set it up to work with my Hive kit; much easier than setting up Siri Shortcuts on my Apple devices. I was also impressed that I could link my Apple Music account and play it through the dot. Sound quality is ok, a bit like a radio, but I have a proper amp for listening to music in that room, so it’s not a big deal. I loved the dot so much that I bought a full size Echo for the kitchen a couple of days later so that I can listen to music in there, as there’s a step up in sound quality.Alexa works really well too. I have a Scottish accent and there have only been one or two occasions where I’ve had to effect a Home Counties pronunciation for it to understand me which is really good. If you have a Hive system and you’re thinking about buying a dot for voice control of all of the Hive kit (plugs, bulbs, radiator valves, thermostat etc) I’d recommend going for it. It’s well worth it for that alone.


  I was sceptical about buying an Echo (my kids dismissed me even considering buying one with 'why do you want one?')But, had spoken to friends my age and they were telling me how much they loved their Echo Dots so I treated myself and am very pleased.  I use it to listen to music mostly in the kitchen and no longer need my CD player or radio.  I am really pleased with the sound quality too.  I have also asked Alexa for recipes, train times, etc and set up my Christmas lights to her so when I get home I was greeted by my  Christmas lights already on.  While it isn't going solve the problems of the world, its good fun, easy to use and set up and I am glad I bought it and at a reasonable price too.


  This particular Echo Dot is our third one, a freebie off British Gas. We also have a full size echo in our living room too. We really like the voice recognition of the echo units and find that they're used far more than I imagined they would. Music and radio chiefly, but great for setting reminders and alarms too. And more recently, we use them to control our heating; it's far more convenient to ask Alexa to turn on the heating than to dig out a phone, load the Hive app and find the control...Sound quality is okay on the dots, but not a patch on the full size echo. Also quite suprised that they don't annoy with Amazon advertising, unlike their tablets and Fire sticks.Glad to see there's now a version with a hidden display. I think that version will be great as a bedside unit, displaying time, date, etc...Recommended gadget, just accept that these things have to listen in all the time, otherwise they'd never work...


  Upgraded from the previous version as a Xmas present, and the first thing that struck me was the sound quality - Alexa is all about that bass! Genuinely surprised by how good it sounds. Had to hook the previous dot up to the Bose speaker in the kitchen to achieve decent sound quality, but the new dot is fantastic! Even at max volume the noise doesn’t come out tinny!Voice recognition is much better too - though she still listens to me more than she does my Wife. Biggest downside though? The kids have learned to ask Alexa to play baby shark.


  The first Echo Dot became faulty and so i sent it back and quickly received a replacement, what i didn't realize was that when i had had signed up to the £3:99 Amazon music using the first Dot, it did not transfer over to my replacement and Alexa was saying that i had to sign up to the package for all devices (£9:99) if i wanted Amazon music, Alexa did not say anything about maybe being able to transfer my membership from my first Alexa to the replacement. I signed up for the £9:99 and found out after i could alter the package. I thought this was  a bit shoddy from Amazon and have now cancelled the £9:99 package after the first month runs out, and will buy the Google equivalent, a shame as the Dot is very good but i feel someone has tried to rip me off.


  We had resisted having an Echo/Alexa device in our house..................shades of 'Big Brother'. However seeing one at work changed our mind - a great decision. [and you can always turn off the microphone]Easy to set up and use. Versatile. Great sound for such a compact unit. Good to see subtle light band announcing notifications.Already have four playlists of musical choices.Just awaiting the next discounted price to purchase another.


  Very nice addition to the house. We can listen music check the weather shop. Unfortunately Alexa skills are not that well developed. I feel like Alex can be used to learn languages but the skills in Alexa are not that well developed. Also I think will be great if the music is like Amazon prime video where you can see info about the actors and trivia facts about the movie. Maybe a skill can be added when you liste to a song you can ask Alexa questions about the artist or album etc.


  This is a great little gadget and I’m loving finding out all the things it can do. I’m going to get advice from my daughter about which music package to get as I mainly bought it to play music. I’m looking forward to finding out about it’s skills too. I bought the Sandstone colour which sits discreetly on the bookcase. It has very good sound quality which I wanted. In fact I think I love everything about it. And it had a 50% price reduction when I bought it.


  I’ve just brought my second Echo Dot for integration with my bedroom light and it’s amazing. Easy to setup and even now I am still finding out more what Alexa does. Some of the skills and trivia games are really cool. Trivia Hero is class and would highly recommend it. Sound quality for a small speaker is bang on too we had our speaker on one night about halfway up on the volume and our teenage daughter came down and told us too turn it down. It must be great sound for her to do that. Mine has also linked up to my Apple Music so it’s even better now.


  This is better than I expected regarding sound quality. Great for local radio tuning. I love the soft plum colour. I was concerned about the flex and plug colour as was told it would be black . I am delighted that it is white and is unobtrusive.I love the fact that I can change music genres to suit my mood. I hope that I still play my CDs and don't become lazy! Great for shopping reminders too. Recommend using alongside phone app.


  Only downside is it would be nice if you could run from a battery pack and then it would be my portable speaker of choice.The fact you can hook-up to your hi-fi is great.  To be honest this kicks out great sound. At normal price it is good value and with offers I cannot see how it can be beaten.... although the ability to run from batteries would make it even better... amazon... a suggestion for you :-)


  I bought this as a gift for my grandad as he loves his music but only has so much in cds and vinyl. He’s old and doesn’t use a mobile so I thought if he could use this then it’d be the best thing for him. He can use Alexa with ease which is really good because he can be so useless sometimes.The sound quality for the small little round speaker is amazing and it does get quite loud. It was nice and cheap on prime day so very worth it. I have a second gen echo and I wanted to swap it with this one, that’s how good I think the dot is!


  I had read a few reviews knocking the sound quality and overall benefit of having an Alexa appliance in the home.  That put me off a bit if I'm being honest.  But my Brother and Sister-in-Law bought Echo Dots and loved them.  I saw an offer on Amazon mid-June but didn't realise it was a day sale.  My sister in Law, sent me a message one day saying that they were back on offer.  So I ordered a couple to see what they are like for myself.I find it really easy to download the app and follow the instructions for setting them up.  It gave me the opportunity to name them - so I did.  I have been self-shielding and it was a joy to discovered that I could download audio books and the echo dot would read them to me.  I can set alarms, reminders for appointments.  I use it to set countdown to my dinner being ready.  It telephones people in my contacts list.  I can get radio.  It will answer questions, tell you what's in the news.  I could go on and on.  It has made life so much easier.  I love my Echo Dots and would not give them up for anything.


  This is our third echo dot as well as an echo show and a large echo. They are fantastic. It’s great to have music all around the house, to communicate to each other from different areas, to play tricks on each other also (the fart feature always cheers us up!) getting Santa to talk to the kids over Xmas was a great highlight. It’s basically worth it’s weight in gold. Goodbye CD players/ radios etc. I seriously wouldn’t go back to life without an Alexa.


  Bought this as a package deal along with the plug in socket for electrical items. Very easy to set up even for a technophobe like myself. The plug in socket is amazing working with the dot. I had a number of Xmas lights attached to an adapter which then plugged into the plug socket. The command to turn of lights given and lo and behold all lights plugged into socket go off and vice versa go on when command is given. No bending down to try and get to the switch. Would recommend.


  The dot was a great gift for my mother this Christmas. It’s fit into part of our daily lifestyle providing a great deep sound quality for everyone in the house to use, although sometimes the software doesn’t recognise the speech of my brother too frequently.The only annoying features are having to refer to the app to setup certain things or for shopping lists as it easily mistakes commands such as “play some coffee shop jazz” to which I get “okay, I’ve added coffee to your shopping list” occasionally but for the most part it’s very consistentConsidering the small size of the dot compared to it’s larger models it actually has a really high quality sound that has some good bass for the size.


  What can i say? Ordered in January expected in March was little disheartening when my neighbour and brother got theses early in Feb and i didn't however Was Due between 11th and 13th Feb. was Dispatched 10pm Sunday March 10th and came 7.30am Monday 11th March - Fantastic service.Product works fantastic love saying good morning to her and she'll tell me the weather and news and everything else i need, got her mostly for the music it feels so good having speakers for it now never before really loud speakers 10/10.I also have her connected to my X-Box one ... i tell her "xbox turn on" and my machine does, "xbox play Grand Theft Auto 5" and it plays and "xbox turn off" its fantastic again 10/10 for that.


  We bought 4 alexas for Christmas one for me and one for my daughters and son and they all love itWe bought some lights to go with it and the kids love changing the light colour and relaxing to some music in their rooms as well as having the ability to control their lights by voice. I feel this is only the beginning of our home automation journey!!The sound quality on the dot is far better than I was expecting and we are all very happy with it.


  Being new to the Echo range, I decided to take a 'chance' on the Black Friday deals and purchased 2 Echo Dots at £22 each.  Why I haven't purchased one before I will never know, myself and my wife love them.  One upstairs, one downstairs, we find it extremely easy to use, easy to connect the 2 so they play simultaneously, voice control is very simple, seamlessly integrates with our Prime Music and for such small devices, the sound quality is fantastic.My ONLY question mark is - Why didn't I also order the Echo!!  It is on my Christmas list!!


  I think the echo dot is fantastic I was surprised how good the sound quality is for such a small speaker its fantastic to say the least I mainly  use mine for radio or asking the odd question tho occasionally I do use the free Amazon ad supported music service which  I also think is fantastic to tell you the truth at first  I hesitated should  I get one or not but now I've got it I haven't  left it alone so I highly  recommend if you haven't got one yet go get one believe  me you will absolutely love  it you won't  be disappointed it's a must for music  lovers simply say ALEXA and the song you want and it plays  it no problem and as long as you got the ALEXA app setting up is easy it took  me all of 2 mins


  Have had a second generation echo dot for some time and when this third generation echo dot came on the market I thought I would give it a go. Have not been disappointed. The sound quality is very good for the size. I have four of these in total and together with an echo show 5 in the bedroom and the original second  generation echo dot in the lounge linked to an external speaker I now have multi room music throughout the whole house on three separate speaker groups,  one for everywhere, one for all speakers downstairs and one for all speakers upstairs. I am getting another two so I will then have eight echo devices in total. I will have two in the kitchen linked together to make a stereo pair.


  When I saw these on offer at a really good price I bought one and was so pleased I subsequently bought another 2.  Although they are small, I think that the sound quality from them is reasonably good.  I use it mainly for listening to the radio, setting alarms and turning on and off lights (with the amazon plugs that were also on offer).  Next time they are on offer I'll be buying more as I'd like one in almost every room in the house.  My 8 year old daughter loves then one I gave to her, and she's always asking it to tell her jokes and I use hers to set a morning alarm for her.


  Purchased for my 70 year old parents as a gift. They absolutely love it. First Alexa for them, fourth one in our family. So useful, especially when you buy music/ cd’s via Amazon, as they are automatically added to your playlists. Linking accounts is a great way to share back catalogues. Have not needed to purchase Unlimited for any of us. Great for radio use, alarms, endless  pre Millennial music.Great fun & weekly skills email is fun too.


  I purchased this to set up smart homeI like the look and feel of the echo dotwish it came in more neutral colour choicesI would of liked it in a slightly lighter greyOccasionally I have to repeat what I say when I don’t speak load enoughWith voice control it says it works without the hue bridge but it couldn’t connect so had to get the hue bridge but was a good idea to get it anyway as we wanted to connect the tv to it and it at all works perfectly. Now we can turn off the light, lamp and tv all at once!I didn’t realise that there is a subscription charge to play certain songs, but it is cool that I can set up my Spotify with it which sorts that problem outThe new features and capabilities are good but only one user app can connect to the echo at a time if you want to fully use all the capabilities you’ll have to take turns to use it or you could buy 2 echo dotshopefully they can improve on that


  Alexa can play radio stations, give news and weather reports all by voice control. The other night watching a film, we paused and I asked how Alexa might respond if 'she' were to meet another well known voice-activated system. Suddenly from the kitchen(!) Alexa started up and began a Wikipedia entry on that other 'resource'. We were spell-bound! :)I also got 'her' to talk to my PC (when on) which I can use as a music server to play any of my non-Amazon music. Only bought it after we saw one at a friend's house and were impressed!!


  She's just made my life easier and more cheerful.I have two, one in the upstairs floor and another in the bottom floor (three floors to the house), and she can hear me from wherever I am inside.Still finding out all she can do but so far it's been amazing.


  Alexa is a bit of a gimmick really. There’s nothing you particularly NEED her for, but she’s useful and fun to have around.I play quizzes, listen to music, audiobooks, set alarms and play sleep meditation skills on her.Sometimes she doesn’t recognise what I’m saying and her replies or the unexpected results are comical to say the least.Would definitely recommend. I’m going to look into getting some other Alexa enabled devices to go with her.


  Got her for playing music. Got a second one and play it in stereo. Sounds really good. Have prime music on a lot now. The classics and lots of the old songs I use to listen to. I'm 70 now so there are a lot of them .Lol. I was going to have one in each room so if I have the radio on I can walk about listening to same station as I go. This is a bit complicated even if you don't have two in stereo.Did not know if I would get enough use from them but I do. In fact when I'm stopping away at a friend's house I miss it.


  OMG how in love this dot thingy. It dies what I want it to do. I like the fact that if I so wish I can turn the microphone  off (I haven't though). Will not be using it for a number of things like lights, waking me in the morning etc and such. But what i do use it for is great which is predominantly music whether it be streaming or radio. I now have a much broader listening experience than I ever had. Looking forward to listening to my audio books too.


  Sometimes it will pick up words which sound similar to "Alexa" and I know you can change the word it listens out for in the app, among other things but I just like to keep it classic. I like the ability to control smart home devices and connect Spotify premium (meaning you don't have to pay for amazon music if you are already subscribed to Spotify). Sound quality is surprisingly good (especially for its size) and the microphone sounds decent during calls. The one massive drawback is the lack of knowledge, especially compared to google assistant. It can tell you very basic things like the weather, time etc. but unlike the google assistant, it forgets the context of the conversation and fails to describe the top search result well when asked for something more advanced.


  Fantastic! I bought the original dot not long after they came out. With the addition of this, I now have one upstairs and down. The new model is extremely well made and with the added charcoal fabric makes it less industrial looking than the original. It is a lot louder than the earlier models and now has an EQ system in the app, so you can adjust bass, middle and top, very useful, as I found the default settings a little bassey for me, so with a little adjustment now sounds great. Along with next day delivery this purchase was an absolute winner all round. Would definitely recommend to anyone.


  Got this as an add on to my Echo. I love these products, user friendly, easy to set up and just good fun seeing what they can do. Mainly use it for music, linking it to the hifi in the attic via a bluetooth adaptor. My only gripe is the way Amazon suck you in to their subscriptions: I got Amazon prime, so I could stream music, only to discover that you need Music Unlimited at an additional cost. Then, when I bought the Dot, I discovered you have to pay a further cost to play Music Unlimited on more than one device. I now pay £15.98 per month, nigh on £200 a year, which is more than a TV licence. The product itself is great, but I think Amazon could be more transparent with their subscription charges


  I was very hesitant about buying one of these, but Husband was keen so I gave in and we ended up buying two... I love being able to use Dot to listen to audiobooks from my Audible account, accessing radio stations and asking Alexa all sorts of random questions. Being able to set multiple timers when cooking different items is so useful, and we have set up daily wake-up alarms and  use our Dot upstairs to call whoever is near the downstairs Dot.Not an essential purchase, but great fun!


  MAKE SURE YOU HAVE AN UP TO DATE SMART PHONE OR IPHONE.THE 2ND GENERATION WAS PRETTY MUCH A PLUG AND PLAY, THE 3RD GENERATION HAS NO USB PORT, SO SETTING UP VIA A COMPUTER LINK IS IMPOSSIBLE....UNLESS YOU WISH TO PAY £ 40 AND IS NOT GUARANTEED TO HAVE ALAXA WORKING....GOOD LUCK....DO YOU HOMEWORK PRIOR TO PURCHASE XJUST SPENT £150 ON A PHONE TO SORT INSTALLATION X


  My son had one and he recommended me to get one ,I was very impressed with it I love how the choice of music is there at a voice command also I can call anyone who has the same devise as me and chat away it is like they are in the same room,I took advantage of the easy pay also it was a good price with no extra charge you can have more than one and link them around the house.


  This is our first Alexa and that sort of device.  Set up was straight forward.  It's remarkably compact and has good sound quality.  Have asked it to play some music which it had no trouble locating and streaming.  Haven't used it much more so far, so more a novelty currently but will explore further.  Amused when on a TV show someone asked their Alexa a question and our Alexa answered as well!  Might change the name from Alexa to something else.


  My bf bought this for my birthday and honestly I love it. I listen to Free Music on it regularly and the sound quality is incredible. I have heard only a few reverberations coming from it when it is on the louder setting but honestly it doesn't even have to be turned up that loud to be able to hear it clearly. My only issue is that it has to be plugged in at all times but it is nice to just be able to as Alexa any question and she pretty much always knows the answer.She sometimes cant hear me over her own music so I have to either wait until a song has ended, get really close or make my voice sound like a mans xD It honestly doesn't bother me that much but I imagine it could for some people. She also has a great idea of what I like to listen to. I only had to suggest certain types of music about 5 times before she understood my preferences. Now I just say "play music" and she hits the nail on the head 9 times out of 10.I would highly recommend.


  Coupled with Amazon music this is a great little system for playing your favourite tracks. The bass is not prevalent but what do you expect from such a compact little unit. The volume level is good and the fact that anyone can speak to Alexa if required makes it so versatile. I have only scratched the surface of what the item is capable of but can't help being so impressed so far. I would most certainly recommend it as a massive assistant in the home.


  For a small speaker very impressive, could not fault the sound, before having one we thought it might of been a whim and a waste of time, but no, the interaction with Alexa is quite comically as in good, usefulness for reminders is brilliant, we constantly think of things we have to do, but forget, that does not happen now we have Alexa.  We never miss the news we just ask Alexa, she tells us what the weather is, and keeps us informed of cinema times another plus we often ask each other questions, that we don't know the answer to, now we just ask Alexa, fantastic.  Never needed her before but we would be lost without her now.


  We received this as a gift with a voucher. We would not otherwise have thought we needed one but now we have it we are finding it very useful as we grow to know more about it and experiment. We automatically receive emails giving us tips on various skills we can use. It's fun as well because sometimes when Alexa doesn't know the answer it gives us hilarious replies. A bit like a virtual friend in the house. Most enjoyable! Have now purchased a few for Christmas gifts for the family.


  I love the Echo series. I have the full sized one in my kitchen, and I got the smaller one for my son's bedroom (he's 6, he can use it fine). For a very compact speaker, it packs a surprisingly good volume and punch. The full sized one has even more surprisingly rich and deep bass for a still neat and compact speaker, but this mini one is still well up to its task, and fills a bedroom easily with rich and clear sound. I would suggest the bigger one for a bigger room such as a large living room, although this is still perfectly audible wherever you put it. Alexa becomes so integrated in your daily life once you have an Echo, you'd find yourself list without it once you're used to using it. I use my kitchen (bigger) Echo for everything, setting timers when I'm cooking, playing music as I'm doing household jobs, ask for recipes, oh the list is endless. It's game changing. Anyone who gets one of these amazing little gadgets couldn't possibly regret it. My son loves his too!


  A big improvement on the second generation, the sound has vastly improved although work on the base is still needed and on certain songs it can sound tinny. Voice recognition has also improved but again there are at times when no matter how slowly or clearly you issue a voice command Alexa just doesn't recognise what you have requested. Hopefully this will improve with future updates etc. Aesthetically the new 3rd gen looks must better that previous generations and I feel will easily fit in most homes without looking to unsightly.


  Sound quality is tons better than our original one... although we usually hook ours up via Bluetooth to our amp and speakers, it’s good enough to listen to music when it is isn’t.  Bluetooth is more reliable on this unit, our previous one we had to disconnect and reconnect every other day which was a pain.  Had a bit of trouble with Alexa not recognising some commands at first, but it’s now OK.  All in all a good upgrade purchased during Black Friday sale.


  This is a dinky piece of kit, not as big as I expected however, it sounds great!  I did have a bit of trouble in setting it up, not the fault of the item though.  For some reason the Alexa app wouldn't connect to the Echo, which I found bizarre as they are both Amazon products, anyway, an hour later and after an online chat to Amazon, all was well.  I ended up having to load the app on to my iPhone which now works perfectly.  Even my fella was impressed with the sound quality.  He's a heavy rock fan and likes his music loud.  I was even more impressed as I got it half price in the Black Friday deals.


  I'm a granny and I must admit that when I received this for my birthday I wondered what the hell I was going to do with it.  But I absolutely love it.  I've signed up to Amazon Music Unlimited - worth every penny - and am able to listen to anything I want to at any time.  It's fantastic to be able to listen to all the old vinyl sitting up in my loft, catch up on Desert Island Discs, help my grandson with his homework, ask for a local weather forecast and catch up on the news headlines when I've just missed them  on TV.  I'm sure most people use it for much more - turning on lights and heating, etc, but I love it for music in particular.  The speaker is surprisingly good for the size it is and I've yet to request a record Alexa's not able to come up with.  My only possible gripe is that it shuffles some albums, which really irritates me - especially when it's one where I know the track order really well or when it's a live album.  But other than that, it's just great - one of the best presents I've ever had.


  Absolutely buzzing with this. I've never really been able to afford anything gadgety for myself, so this is a really cool piece of kit for me. Grabbed it as soon as I saw the offer on it & not stopped playing with all the features since.I don't have a router at home- I use my mobile hotspot for internet when needed. Was worried it would need proper wifi to work, but it works absolutely perfect totally off of my phone. Set up was easy, both with the Dot itself & the app. Super impressed.


  Love this everyone if you don't have one get it!!,Alexa is amazing speaks in different languages, educational, entertaining and looks non intrusive wherever you put it, as it's so small and compact, I bought two and intend to buy two more!! Get it your missing out!!! Also it links with your phone to call your contacts, plays music, with incredible baseline for such a little item, get it you won't regret it promise!!!!!! And the price is so low £22 unbelievable


  Christmas present from our daughter. Not sure about the  integration part as haven’t tried as yet. Mistook me for my daughter initially but ok now, we obviously sound very alike. Love the music part and just started a shopping list which is fab as I always forget something. Gives access to news when prompted. Awaiting arrival of wireless ear buds which “should” allow me to use Alexa whilst out and about. We’ll soon see. Overall happy so far.


  This is the second echo dot (3rd gen) that I've purchased and once again not disappointed. This one sits on our fireplace surround and is perfect for positioning. Alexa can hear us from different rooms downstairs...Yeah, okay, she may not hear every command clearly but, we still love it! (gives us a giggle)Bonus now is that I can communicate with my teenage daughters echo so I don't have to shout upstairs!For a small device, the sound quality is amazing, and alongside the alexa app is very simple to set up and use!Very pleased! 


   This was a gift from my daughter, one of the best gifts she has ever bought me. Every morning when I bid her good morning, I get all sorts of info back from year long ago. What ever music or question I have. She delivers, plus what ever radio station I want. I want ever need a radio again or CD player, it is my companion while busy about my kitchen or where ever in the house ❤️


  I've read a few negative reviews of these but so far I can't fault this model. Some have said they are too bassy but I have a hearing problem that cuts out the high register and makes most things too bassy. I simply used the equaliser in the app and got a perfect sound. The volume is far better with no need for an external speaker unless you want to play really loud music. Easy to set up too. I bought two to add to the one I already have and for a woman in my seventies managed to get all three linked and running very easily. They make a great intercom system as well.


  It came in good time and was well packaged. Connection was ok, had a couple of issues & I've only had a little play at attaching a speaker via Bluetooth which hasn't worked but that might be more me so I don't want to moan about that yet. I will try again. I connected via the lead supllied to a more powerful speaker & it sounds great. It sounds good on its own but for the size you can't expect miracles hence a stronger speaker. I would recommend this.


  We started with just one as i was not sure what good it would be. OK, i started with alarms , then timers, weather, music the things i can do are very useful, add a shopping list which gets sent to my phone , my wifes phone etc . so we added a second in the bedroom . then another in the kitchen, then the two sons rooms, so we can now call everyone down to breakfast diner tea with one simple command.  We also make calls to people outside and its just greta


  Don't expect jaw-dropping hi-fi sound, but there is a bit of bass there, unlike its predecessor. Does seem to suffer a bit with loss of top end frequencies, but it's quite a balanced sound. In addition to being a great cost-effective voice assistant, it's actually fine for a bit of background music too. Don't throw out the hi-fi system just yet though.  If you're not an audio buff and don't need anything loud you'll probably be quite happy with this for music.  Best used with Prime or Music Unlimited....or both of you're like me ;)


  I use this for loads of things like writing shopping lists finding recipes and playing  music to name but a few, it has some entertaining features that my daughter likes to like would you rather game or ed Sheeran duet which is worth a chuckle. but seriously if you have a disability this would be a godsend I wish they had this wen my uncle was around. you can call people with your voice use it on hive or tado heating, order shopping and much more


  Well I resisted for long enough. I have a Cambridge audio hifi with bookshelf speakers and am used to listening to music on a decent system. And while I won't be retiring the hifi and thousands of cd's anytime soon I'm pleasantly and genuinely surprised by the quality of this little speaker. Also the convenience of asking Alexa to play pretty much any song is not lost on me. All in all for the price it's an absolute bargain, you'll be pleasantly surprised.


  Set this up in under a minute after plugging it in. I feel like I was the last out of my friends to get one as I didn't see the point and now I dont know what I'd do without her! Lol. Its lovely to be able to just play our favourite music when we want, quickly find out the news, weather for the day, add a timer for dinner, set reminders ( as I'm very forgetful ) and this is all without having a smart plug which im yet to buy . One of my favourite purchases in a long time. So chuffed.


  Love these echos, in fact I purchased two.  It replaces an alarm clock, CD player, radio etc. Ask it anything it seems, however, it was a bit of a shock when it answered me ‘you’re welcome’ or ‘anytime’ when I thanked it for letting me know what the time was!!!!  Is it recording us ‘behind the scenes’????  In today’s world nothing would surprise me but obviously this is only a guess, despite saying that I highly recommend them and have even pre ordered the one with the screen coming out later this month (June).


  This is one of the best things I have ever bought for myself. It’s an amazing device. Perfect for the kitchen or your room. I use it for music the majority of the time and the speakers are loud and clear for the price you pay. One problem I encountered was that when your Alexa was set to anything more then a volume 7, it had trouble picking up your voice. I would have to often yell for it to hear me.


  I found it hard to connect to internet first tried through laptop then tried mobile phone and neither would download the app took most of the day then it finally did on laptop from then is was quick and easy setup and I am pleased with it I was surprised the volume you can get from such a small  thing when you have music on I bought it specially to remind me to take my medication as diabetic and quite often forget so its been a godsend for that and I find myself asking it things all the time I suppose being elderly and disabled living alone its like having someone else here to talk to I really love it and fully recommend the echo dot 3rd gen to anyone living alone .


  Bought this as an aid to use as I suffer from headaches and migrians and bought Phillips lights to help and just having Alexa bought after wards ... Major help if I can't leave my bed but the lights are annoying me and I don't wanna go on my phone ... Only thing is not being able to use Spotify natively on there as I don't have a premium subscription is kinda a bummer same as Deezer but I suppose I can live with linking her via Bluetooth for the moment but genuinely really good and helpful and doesn't look out of place even on my busy desk FIVE STARS INDEED


  This speaker is so good for such a small profile and it’s price. Doesn’t have any issues giving it’s best shot at lows mids and highs. It gives you exactly what your paying for, don’t expect to be throwing any parties with it but for listening to music whilst your getting ready for work. Nothing beats the 3rd gen Dot at this price (£24.99). Having said this the sound quality does leave room for improvement and as such the more pricey echo 3rd gen, currently (£59.99), should be purchased if you want that extra quality.


  This is a fine addition to my family of Alexa products around the house, it is small and unobtrusive but provides a clear and loud sound to fill the room when required. The voice recognition is very good and all of the uses I have put it too have been as good a the larger Echo models.Overall I am very pleased with this product and think that if you have any smaller room that you want music/radio/voice assistant for (offices are perfect) then this is the way ahead.


  Really like this speaker. I was afraid that sound quality will be poor because it's quite small but it's quite good for music I'm listening (mostly radio stations).I was able to connect it to my Android TV and Xbox which is really cool. It would be awesome that there is skill for Sky Q so I could control my Sky Q box (record, change channel etc) but that critic mostly goes to Sky, not Amazon.I would definitely recommend this product if you want to play with smart speaker in your house/flat.


  I love my echo, I have purchased three for different rooms. Bought them as gifts for family, everyone loves them. My kids enjoy asking it silly things. They even get it to do fart noises, which they find hilarious. It looks smart and its very easy to set up. The ring glows yellow if it has a notification for you, red if it isn't connected to the Internet and blue, green when it's listening to you.


  I'm not only super happy with my new Alexa Echo Dot, it looks lovely and is like having a personal assistant that does what you tell it to do, and doesn't answer back or argue with you. It just does as it's told. Plus, I'm super impressed with the service. I ordered this on Saturday night at 11pm and I received it the next day, yes, that's right. On a Sunday!!!! I couldn't believe it. I truly couldn't be happier with this choice and super recommend it to everyone else.Superb value for money!!! and totally worth every penny!


  Amazing bit of kit. All of our children have them in their rooms so we can communicate without having to shout upstairs. This works brilliantly alone and with other smart devices such as light switches, bulbs and plugs.We have our home set that we can say "Alexa, Good Night" and all lights turn off, the tv turns off as well as the Xbox. You can also have Alexa wake you with a choice of music or radio station or indeed with a weather report or news update.


  I always thought that these things were more of a 'toy' than a useful device.When a friend got one and said they were useful I decided to take the plunge, but with low expectations. How wrong I was. The device does so much more than just play music (which I thought was it's main purpose), it is a source of knowledge, information and entertainment as well as helpful (by creating lists , giving reminders and alarms).I am only just beginning to explore a few of the lesser known functions (of which there are plenty) and have totally converted from sceptic to believer in their usefulness.


  As my husband has MND I find the Echo Dot most useful as an intercom between each room ( I've got 3 now).  It means peace of mind for me to be able to drop in on him at any time.  Also it recognises his voice easily and he can call me on my phone hands free.  He loves to use it when doing crossword puzzles.  I am sure it will be used more and more as he gets used to it.


  I was sceptical this would be a useful addition to my household, but I was pleasantly surprised, alexa is a sweet heart her cold soothing tone makes everything a delight, I have it in the kitchen and it's so convieniant to set timers get recipes and shopping to my list as well as listening to music and the news in the morning, the sound is absolutely fine for the size of the speaker it's clear loud and crisp, if you want a sound system buy one this isn't that bit it performs the every day functions exceptionally well. I'm very pleased and gave one to my mother in law as a Xmas gift and she loves it also very useful!


  Ordered this for my sons birthday as he has been asking for a while. It's such a great little gadget. The speaker is powerful and it was really easy to connect. I also received a smart light bulb with it, which I have put in my sons bedroom too. He is so happy, he can now ask word definitions and doenst need to go and look at the dictionary. Also we have played few quiz games and this was great fun.


  BEST PRICE EVER FOR WHAT YOU GET.BARGAIN IN THIS DAY AND AGEUSE MY ECHO EVERY DAY FOR MUSIC AND VARIOUS THINGS.I HAVE A GREAT JVL SPEAKER BUT THIS IS SO HANDY FOR QUICK FINDING OF MUSIC I WANT, TO THE EXACT SONG FROM THE PAST ETC. ALSO THE TIME IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT WHEN I AM HALF ASLEEP DUE TO GO TO WORK ETC ETCLOVE ITBUY IT!NO ONE WILL BE DISSAPOINTED IN THE ITEM


  Ok , im not techno savvy so there's a lot more to learn , but ive had my dot for a month now and i love it . Alexa is like having a companion . . greet her, and she greets you back , ask her a question ,she'll give you the answer ... tell her to remind you to pop the dinner on in 30 mins , and 30 mins later she does ... She'll play you all your favourite songs ... she'll even sing you one of her own if you ask ...  She'll even tell you jokes , Brilliant  ... just Brilliant !


  Having purchased the Echo a mere week earlier I decided  I would like its little brother for the bedroom and found it perfect. Great for late night jazz, or radio or whatever takes your fancy. Although it doesn't have the overall sound quality of the Echo, the Dot still delivers a good punch for its size and of course it makes a great alarm...playing just what song/playlist you choose to wake up to providing you're signed up to a streaming service of course. And the fact (at the time) it was less than £30 it was a no brainer.....great value.


  We bought this dot when it was on sale for £25 for our small flat and were beyond impressed with the quality of sound for such a small device. We had a small hurdle where it started jumping and not responding to voice recognition but turning it on and off did the trick. The only thing we have a problem with is that it seems it needs to be plugged in at all times to work so it's not a speaker we can take outside if we're having a barbecue. Apart from that we love it!


  As a techie dinosaur I received Alexa with my Hive package and didn't think it was my thing, on day 2 I signed up for the Amazon music library and have been working Alexa hard ever since.  I have set timers and reminders, a shopping list, a to do list and all of those is it going to rain today questions.  We enjoy her so much we have bought another one for the bedroom to use as an alarm clock alarm clock and music player.  Very happy with my echo dot.


  I love alexa!!!I had 2 2nd gen echo dots in aus and on returning to the uk the first thing i did was buy a 3rd gen.The product and the app seem so much better here than in aus and the upgrade is fantastic, as a speaker alone its brilliant and great value for money with the added bonuses of alexa and smart home capabilities.I went for the white one because i think it looks nicer (expensive)I will be creating a smart home soon enough so will be investing in more alexa devices


  Love the Dot, have 4 now, 3 with the clock and 1 without and really love them. I really like the easy way you can stop, start, pause etc just by asking it. The sound quality is great, they are so neat and discreet, so don’t take up lots of space, but so useful. Love the way it can remind me of things I need to do, don’t need to shout when dinners ready, etc. Brilliant!


  Alexa is remarkable. But I'm in south Africa where they do say it doesnt work.  But with apkpure app is does. However it is very temperamental setting up and can take hrs. Why don't you add rsa to so many other countries pls Amazon. You're too good not to be able to. That said I love having it playing music all day. It's a work of genius. Don't let dumb issues cloud that repute. John ( living in mossel bay which has 320 days sunshine per hr unlike uk which has 72 days a year)


  Love, love, love it! I bought an older generation dot a year or so ago but it just wouldn't connect to the internet even though my other full sized ones worked fine.  I switched this one on and it did all the connecting on its own!!! I didn't have to go through the app at all.  Was really surprised by the sound from it, small in size but big in sound. Does everything my other 2 do and had no probs with voice recognition! Sits nice and discreetly in the living room connected via Bluetooth to my Cambridge Audio minx air!


  Absolutely love this and was genuinely surprised at the variety of tasks it could do. Easy to set up. Use it a lot at night in my bedroom. It’s handy to ask the time and save putting the light and my glasses  on. Nice little size. My kids have recently traveled to Japan and Australia so it was hand to ask Alexa their local times without having to work out or go online myself. Probably a bit lazy but who cares. Great to keep track of investments, play must or just any general info you require. Love it. Will buy one each for my adult kids.


  Put buying one of these off for quite some time. Not smiled at a product for a while, it just works beautifully. For only 99p with a month of Amazon Music is an absolute bargain, the build quality is superb! The only real negative is its WiFi chip seems quite weak at picking up signals, may be an issue for some users in another room? Barely getting 2 bars connectivity on a split 2.4/5G connection, should have full bars on both, barely picks 5g up, it's placed close to the router.Definitely worth owning one of these, even at retail price. More so if you enjoy music.


  At my age I thought I would be able to use (58) . But I set it up all by myself lol and not stopped using it since.. it’s great . Don’t need radio. Alarm clock. Timer . CDs. That take up a lot of space. The things this tiny thing can do is unreal honestly if you can’t make your mind up just do it . I live on my own this is also company the one thing I will say if you are older like me ... if you fall cos we not like the young ones and are phones are not glued to our hands lolImagine you fall you can shout alexia phone anyone in your contract and guess what it it does .... lovely new toy .... well done


  I have five echo products in the house, including two second gen echo dots.  I purchased this 3rd gen on prime day as I had read that the sound quality is a massive upgrade and that was my only issue with the two dots in the bedrooms.What can I say....they were right. The sound quality is a huge step up. Much fuller sound and you can hear the development that had gone into the sub and the tweeters in this new 3rd gen device.  It definitely doesn't distort as much when turned up like the old gen 2s did either.It is larger and heavier than the second gen ones but I haven't found that to be a problem in anyway. It recognises voice just as well as all of the echo devices and I haven't found any issues with the voice recognition.It has been added seamlessly into the other Alexa devices in the house and I really do recommend this product.


  Three hrs in and I kinda love it... simply to play music on Amazon music.. as Spotify requires a premium account and I’m not getting pulled into the 100000 subscriptions I used to end up with on amazon... amazon prime£ amazon Audible££ amazon fresh££ and now Alexa premium£££££ nope.it all starts adding up.So it’s good for weather, horoscope, alarms, jokes, lists, music only amazon music... which is enough for me..and lots of info...


  Fortunately, I bought mine during the black Friday sale and as it was my first prime now order so got another £10 off so very cheap, simple to use and setup, bought a couple of smart plugs for lamps and a firestick and it controls everything flawlessly, will eventually buy some smart bulbs. and when there is another sale I will buy some more echo dots, so easy to use as a clock in the middle of the night or a reminder for food or appointments or news and weather in the mornings, and asking Alexa to do beatbox is so funny, only gripe is not being able to fully customise the wakeup word.


  It's great.It's a good wee speaker, with better than expected sound quality.It's not as good as the Echo, but it's not as big or expensive, so expected.It's Alexa is exactly the same and just as clever or dumb as always.It has some really nice touches and surprises in its operating system and some really frustrating limitations. I hope they update the software to "smarten" up Alexa so she can learn. It's just too dumb and not an AI at the moment.Definitely worth a buy, though.


  I ordered two echo dots. They cam every quickly, however unlike every other time I have had a parcel delivered from Amazon the delivery driver did not knock my door or ding the bell to notify me that they had arrived. They were therefore sitting in my porch unattended. I was very surprised that my door gets knocked if I order hand soap but not TWO Echo Dots. That aside they were quite easy to set up, the first one took seconds. The second one took a little more time however all in all very happy with them. Have used them everyday for music and reminders. Highly recommend.


  I love this device  almost everyday I ask her to play my favorite songs, like old town road, and u don't even need to ask her by voice but u can also control it from ur phone. This is a brilliant hand free device I really recommend it. it's really changed everything that I do now and now I don't have go to  the computer for facts, I can use this helpful device I've only used it for a couple of weeks now and now I'm so used to it I'm useing it all the time if I didn't get this I would be stuck in a tech free habbitat but this smart home device has now changed everything .


  Purchased during the Black Friday and really pleased with it. I had an echo dot ( the original)  which is fine but wanted a second unit for a bedroom.  This is nice with a fabric surround and the sound is so improved on this model from the original version.  Much better base response.  It also has bluetooth so you can play music from your phone or tablet if required which is handy.  If you see it on offer, upgrade and treat yourself.


  I already had two Echo Dots and two Echoes. This new Echo Dot is a massive sound improvement on the originals and may well make the more expensive Echoes unnecessary for many users. Having them all around the house means that communication is much easier. Being able to buy one for only 99p as a result of being an Amazon Music subscriber was a massive incentive. If you are looking to buy your first Alexa device then even at the full price it is worth it and with such improved sound well worth considering as a first step into the brand.


  Alexa was a birthday present. To be honest I thought oh no, it's a gadget! But I love it!! I've asked all sorts of questions and played loads of different music. My grandchildren asked loads of silly and sensible questions and she even had her own song which they were super impressed with. As I get more confident I'll use it for more things but all I can say is 'Get one!!


  What a fabulous little 'machine' I already had the bigger version which lives in the kitchen. This new one lives in my bedroom and wakes me up with nice music and sends me off to sleep with nice music. I would highly recommend.i must add tho' that if you are a 'dumbo' at technology like I am you might need someone to set it up for you. My 13 year old granddaughter did mine.


  This is the first Amazon Echo device I have ever bought, and I absolutely love it.  It has a good quality build, and the fabric surrounding the device and speakers is a nice touch.I bought this item for £24.99 on offer during Black Friday, which I thought was an absolute bargain.  Therefore, I would recommend waiting until Black Friday or Prime Day to purchase one of these, although I do think the RRP £49.99 is the true value of the device.The four built-in far-reaching microphones work very well, and you can shout voice commands from quite a distance.  In my living room you can do this from any part of the room, which is ideal for me.  However, if the television is on loud I do need to speak louder or turn the television down to be heard, and if playing music from the device I sometimes have to shout but this would be expected.Although I now have multiple Alexa devices, this is not a problem.  The feature of the Alexa devices being aware of each other and only the the closest device responding works well.Sound quality is excellent, loud, and full sounding considering the small size of the device and the cost.  There is the option to send the sound to an external speaker using bluetooth or a stereo cable lead, though.If you do want good quality stereo sound built-in, I believe you would be more suited to the Amazon Echo or the Echo Show.  However, you would have to compromise on having a much larger device and a higher price tag.I particularly like asking ‘Alexa, how are you?’ and she responds with something different everyday.  It is this attention to detail that makes this an excellent device, in my opinion.Other features I use regularly are controlling my smart lights and devices, routines of reminding me to take medication, alarms, timers, and calling friends and family.The feature of calling UK home and mobile telephones for free is a welcome new feature, and I think it is brilliant that new features are being added on a weekly basis.Overall, this is an excellent smart speaker and an ideal purchase for first-time smart speaker buyers or those that already have such devices.This is something that I use everyday, not something I will get bored with, and a recommended buy.Thank you, Alexa.


  Our second Alexa, the first acts as an alarm clock in our bedroom. This ones is used to compile shopping lists, set reminders and timers etc in the kitchen. There are many things it is capable of and we are slowly discovering them. Regarding shopping lists, it transfers them to your mobile, and as you tick off the items as you buy them, it removes them from the list.


  I absolutely love my Eco Dot Alexa. Its so easy to set up and can be used straight away. It plays any music you request. Tells you news.your local weather, horoscopes. sports and anything else you are interested in or need to know. Alexa is my new best friend at home. I ask everyday different things and the voice is crystal clear. Also each week I receive e.mails with new things Alexa can do. I would recommend this product.


  So far just been used for basic things like music, at low volume it’s the perfect thing. The sound is clear and rich, good base and tone for such a small speaker. I would liken it to Bose but without the price tag.And before anyone attacks me for that I’m not saying it’s as good as Bose or any high end speakers, it’s just a very clear and warm sound.Value for money? At full price it’s good value for money, if you can get a deal on it then it’s great value for the money.Absolutely delighted with it.


  The sound quality is really good and if you get a portable case you have a smart and portable speaker in one go. It’s affordable for what you get especially if it’s on offer and it saves time when getting ready and you’re in a rush. The last pic shows how you can turn off the microphone if you need to, and theirs loads of other features yet to try. The colour and feel is also really nice and great quality.If you have a name that alexa doesn’t pronounce well there’s no way to change it, but that’s not a big problem. Also the answers alexa gives sometimes are vague, and it’s hard to play playlists or podcasts by speaking unless you manually play it from your phone. Despite this I would definitely recommend!


  I never really wanted to voice control devices around the home but, after trying Alexa at a friend's house, I got a better idea of what she can do for us!Instead of accessing devices by various apps I can now do everything via Alexa voice control or the Alexa phone app.Apart from the practical uses, I am really enjoying the quizzes, finding music more easily and news updates.  Setting up multi-device routines is also useful and fun.


  I’ve got a Sonos setup but wanted a device for my sons room to control his Philips Hue lighting.Very Apple(esque) box opening experience which was good.Nice sturdy weight and quality finish speakerSetup was straightforward and the Amazon App guided you through step by stepWithin 5 minutes my 10 year old was speaking to Alexa to play music and adjust the lighting in his room.Sound was surprisingly better than expected for such a small footprint speakerVery happy with the product and I’m sure my son is even happier


  So far I am enjoying the Echo Dot 3rd Gen, good for setting reminders and adding things to lists as you think of them. There are some things that Alexa is unable to comprehend but as time goes I'm sure these will be worked out.My son loves this as he can ask it questions about strange things and also helps him to spell words that he isn't familiar with.I haven't had any problems with voice activation and understanding what i say (I have a mongrel accent so says a lot).Would be good in future to see that can be integrated with more things in the home and also not just work of amazon music lists but personal ones that may be on home pc's or google play.Overall very satisfied and will start to build it into other rooms.


  Purchased this for my Son for use in his bedroom. He already has a soundbar so the more expensive option was unnecessary. He can listen to the device on its own speaker and then when sound quality matters he just asks it to pair with his speakers over BlueTooth and it is done "your wish is my command" comes to mind.So this device is now his radio, alarm clock, music library, homework assistant and more. Connecting it up to the internet and his phone App was simple and quick - I know others have had difficulty in this area - I might be lucky as have other Alexa devices in the house. Now to get used to his Music around the house - there is always a down point


  Got the Alexa two weeks ago, so far very happy with it. Even when you have to have amazon music to listen specific songs or artist, on the free version of it you can play specific types of music, like “Alexa play music from the nineties” or “Alexa play layback music” and the selection of songs has been ok.Main reason I bought it was for the JW skill, that works brilliant.


  The 3rd gen versions of these are great. They won’t replace any kind of speaker set up you use, I use Sonos and I won’t try to tell you these even come close because they don’t but they do make great alarm clocks and kitchen aids. They are perfectly fine to use for audio books and listening to the radio and sound miles better than gen 2. If you see these on offer anytime then they are well worth replacing any gen 2’s you have.


  This is a good improvement on the last incarnation of the dot. The sound quality has improved a lot, it looks better than the last one and it feels better quality in your hands. It has all of the features of the previous dot it is ideal for the living room or wherever you listen to music. We now have 2 of these so we can use some of the calling features  and as some of are family now have one you can call them to. Look out for the amazon deals as you can save some money.


  Alexa...! Tell everybody what a great asset you are - supplying music, news bulletins, games and quizzes, information and trivia all at your user's command. You are a timekeeper, a weather forecaster, an alarm clock, a reminder, and so much more. My son received this incredible all-new Echo Dot for his birthday and the whole family make use of it every day. The sound from the smart speaker is amazingly good for such a small device. And it's such great fun. Thanks, Alexa!


  Took me a while to get used to using Alexa but now I wouldn't be without her.  From waking me up, to getting weather reports, to turning on lights and telly, not to mention playing music.  I always say thank you (habit) and she now says "your welcome", which I think is dead cute!  I know there are a lot of other ways I can use Alexa but, for now, I'm a happy bunny.


  I was actually really amazed at how good the sound is for such a small device. The voice recognition is superb when you set it up Alexia asks you to say a number if different things to recognise your voice, you can add to the set up special sockets and bulbs to give you a smart home of just saying Alexia switch the light on or fan for example. I love the music sound quality and the news and weather updates and there is just so much more for me to learn and play with. Overall its superb.


  This is perfect.  First one I bought got "stolen" by my 17 year old and is still working. Great range.  I can be outside the bedroom and call out Alexa volume down and it works perfectly must to his disgust.  Now have 2 in the house. Linked it up perfectly to lights and it is great not to have to get out of bed to turn on the lights. Perfect and handy in a busy household


  I received the Alexa Dot (3rd Gen) as an early birthday present and I couldn't recommend it enough.There's a lot of things you can get the Alexa Dot 3rd Gen to do. Like ask it many of questions, Play the radio, The local News etc. Most questions you'll receive an answer and sometimes you won't. It depends on the question.Also you can play your music if you have a Spotify Account. Alex Dot is great because its small and compact. I wouldn't go back to having a Hi Fi Stereo again.:)


  I chose an echo dot because it is smaller and fits nicer in the bed room, I have an alexa echo which i placed in the living room. I read reviews that the difference apart from the size would be the volume like alexa echo is much better quality and that which i won't mind because i won't be playing loud music in the bedroom anyway. I don't know if it is just me but i noticed that this alexa echo dot responds slower that the alexa echo. i know it's just seconds difference but even for the price and size difference, next time, i would rather go for an alexa echo.


  We love our Alexa! Couldn't be without it tbh, the kids spend hours asking it questions, I had to stop our music subscription temporarily die to financial issues and thought the children may find it boring without but they have found so many little tricks and games on it and it is amazing for homework help, being our alarm clock and dropping in on the teenagers when they are home and we aren't and they don't answer their phones!


  Love Echo Dot brilliant help. I've only had this a few days and am finding more things you can do with it everyday. I did my shopping list with it and this time didn't forget anything. Used it as a reminder and now with those important things that you need to do at a later date you just sdk for a reminder just when you need to do it and where the papers you need and best thing where I put them. All l do is tell Alexa when and where on a reminder and its done. I'm 68 and this is a great help.


  I first bought the echo 2nd generation which I found was very good indeed considering that I have a slight speech impediment, so I decided to purchase an echo dot for my bedroom. This is just as good as the larger echo although the sound is perhaps not quite as good but for me they both are exceptional in the quality. I use them for news, weather, traffic and most of all music. I don’t own any smart appliances at this time due to the cost but as and when they do become cheaper i most certainly will. I would like to stress again that even though I have a slight speech impediment Alexa 9 times out of 10 understands what I’ve asked.


  What a great device, Alexa is a boon in my living room, my wife has a handicap, so having Alexa turn things on and of play music get radio stations etc is a great boon, many thanks to my daughter who got us it for Christmas. None of the items I have linked to Alexa were smart, but I purchased a smart power strip and linked up 4 items if I want to link up more I just have to purchase more smart electrics to do so, terrific devices.


  This is surely the future of the radio but with benefits! Does everything my Amazon Echo does except its a fraction of the size so ideal for a smaller room or kitchen. I was so pleased with mine.......... I bought two more!!Further to my last review: we’ve now got one in pretty much every room! What more can be said than hasn’t been said already? Our ‘Dots’ now control all our lights, we’ve dispensed with all of our fiddly portable radios, we no longer need hand written shopping lists etc., etc. These things aren’t a gimmick - they’re the future!!


  I got this as a gift for my husband for fathers day. I have amazon prime so we are able to get loads of music. My son who is 6 likes to play kids quiz everyday he also asks it lots of interesting questions The sound quality is brilliant id say as good as the bose speakersSuper easy to set up.Recognises my voice even when im in the kitchen which is quite a distance from the system.We have a tall echo at work thats a lot more expensive but id say the uality with this one is just as good if better


  I currently have a Amazon echo and thought that I would buy the dot to go with it in another room and it was very very easy to set up I didn't really set anything up it really as the app done it for me all I had to do was set up the group so that I could play one set of music on both speakers the speaker is a little bit low but I think it depends on the style of music you're listening to otherwise all good


  Already own the 2nd gen Dot (plugged into speakers) and Echo plus so this was just to add more alexa to more rooms and without plugging into any external speakers. Already a big fan of the echo/dot situation , whilst realising they're not the BEST speakers and have occasional niggles like Alexa chatting on to much, the series of speakers are very well made and sound very good overall, the Echo does anyway with the original dots failing in comparison. I'm not an Amazon Alexa fan boy, I've had big speakers and am fussy with tone and depth with my guitar amps,  but if you want a simple, smart, convinient and good looking speaker set up for your house you could do worse.Read a few reviews to see what's changed since gen2 and the overall opinion is that they look sexier and the inbuilt speaker is better but still can't be the lead speaker for a room.I agree overall but just fully want to highlight that those comments do the gen3 Dot a disservice. I bought it to add Alexa to the kitchen and for occasional music whilst cooking etc...and its great. The speaker is ALOT better than its predecessor and yeah it can't fill a village hall but it sure as hell fills the kitchen with decent sounding tones that are only tinny at unnecessarily high volume.  For the £30 which i got it for, I feel like I got a bargain. It's rrp of £50 isn't even that bad especially if its your first Amazon Alexa product. Combine these speakers and the surround sound house feeling is excellent.Overall a genuinely great and affordable smart speaker for the smaller rooms. And for the bigger rooms, get an Echo or plug your dot into some bigger speakers as i have done in the bedroom. Sorted.


  I mostly use Amazon Echo for listening to podcasts, playing music, adding to my shopping list or setting alarms. I keep it in my kitchen so I can set timers for cooking, add items to my shopping list when I use them and can listen to my favourite podcasts and music while I am pottering about.Alexa also recommends different things for me such as places to visit in my local area and so on.


  Packs a great punch for such a little speaker.  Have added Hive Hub heating to it, and now also allowing Apple Music with our family subscription makes it perfect for us.  You might be like us and have kids that move their devices around the house, I found it better to change the name of mine to echo, so it doesn’t get activated when one of the kids takes theirs into the kitchen and close to mine.  The sound is perfectly good for me, but I don’t have it loud.  It’s more for background music, weather, news, alarms etc for me.


  Delighted with this for the price compared to a network player for my hifi unit. Sound passed through my amp and speakers is excellent (to be fair the built in speaker was surprisingly powerful) With a RCA to speaker cable it was easy to set up and works a treat, just have to remember what music i want to ask for :) very happy, seems alot of £30! combined with the plug mount it sits behind the unit out of sight and works seamlessly!


  I’ve always been a bit sceptical about voice recognition technology however, I’m really impressed with the Dot.You don’t have to shout or talk slowly it really works well. I love just adding things my shopping list or jobs list as I remember them. Also swapping radio channels or setting timers or alarms.Would be nice if it could hook into the train time’s and let you know if your trains are delayed but maybe that’s something that will come in time ?Over all I’m very pleased, use it for lots of functions and would definitely recommend it.


  Bought this as a Xmas present for a loved one but as it was on special offer my husband decided I needed one too.  As it turns out it is the best present I didn’t know I wanted. To have music I love ‘on tap’ (£3.99 monthly) is amazing, Alexa always knows what time it is and the way she handles my shopping lists is life changing! I’m seriously in love with my echo dot but make sure it’s unplugged when giving credit card info over the phone......


  This was bought as a Christmas present for me and was set up for me so voice recognition didn't stop at my voice it was the whole families voices she answered to. She gives information for a lot of things but when she cannot give an answer she says "she not got opinions on that". All in all a fun item to have but whether she can do all that is claimed I will have to find out as time goes by but as I said fun item and probably will have fun finding out what (she) it can do


  Love how cheap the echo dot Amazon music subscription in. Really useful for listening to music. This also allows you to make alarms that play music instead of an annoying factory sounds. The sound is much clearer than the previous model which is what I used to own. The fact it is only 25  pound for such an brilliant piece of technology makes this an amazing buy. Speaker not quite as good as the main echo but that model is double the price. My only issue is that sometimes when asking for information it doesn't understand as well as when you say 'okay google', but I only really use it for alarms, music and timers. All in all great product!A must buy!


  We use Alexa for weather, news, shopping lists, alarm reminders, and erm jokes. . . Mostly to play playlists by artists - on the free amazon music trial at the moment.The sound is clear for a small room, say 4m by 4m , and also out in the garden for an intimate bbq . . .I’m 58 and not easily impressed , a few visitors who have seen me demonstrate it have immediately said “ I’m going to get one”.My wife insists on calling out Alexis (due to a pre-existing dynasty fixation) and doesn’t always get a response , which amuses me 


  The voice recognition is great, surprisingly loud and clear for its small size. It’s a fun little gadget that I’m still not sure how much I will use it for anything besides playing music. One thing that could improve the word recognition is if it could be set up for different languages. I listen to music in different languages and trying to figure out how Alexa mispronounces can be quite fun but frustrating. All in all, time will tell how useful it will be for me, but I’m enjoying my dot so far.


  Very slightly bigger than the gen 2 and now has cloth covered speakers. Still sleep looking. The important difference however is the sound quality. This gen 3 dot is nearly as loud as my gen 2 echo! A huge improvement over the gen 2 dot I previously had. That one I had in the kitchen and I couldn't hear it over the kettle or extractor fan and the sound quality was about that of an ok laptop. This one is plenty loud enough (volume 6 is about equivalent to volume 11 on the gen 2) and has rich sound you'd expect from a proper speaker. The old echo is now happy in my study.


  I have never been interested in getting all these smart speakers etc but decided to give either ago and I love it. Im totally hooked.,I have this one in my bedroom and the colour is great, the sound is fab and most of all it understandsme. It links with my show 8 I bought also and can now play music every where in the house, Answer my door an turn the lights on and off


  Our family is loving our little dot. I bought it in the prime sales for a decent price and thought I could always buy the bigger one if the sound wasnt what we wanted but it's great. We haven't got a huge living room so the sound is great. I can talk to Alexa from the sofa, she understands me for the most part.  I probably haven't fully used all the functions but the kids are loving it... although the fart noises that they request is not very pleasant but they love it. I also like I can move it to different parts of the house with minimal effort. Was also easy to set up.  I am very happy.


  Amazon Black Friday deal. Bought same time as The All New Echo. I have synced them so they can play same music when desired. We have called the Echo, ECHO, so as to not to confuse her with Alexa. Works fantastic with some smart plugs that I purchased from Amazon. My daughter loves telling her to switch her lamps/TV on and off. Loves playing her spotify content and loves asking homework/fact questions. Brilliant.


  I purchased Echo Dot in an attempt to help my wife who now suffers with short term memory loss and finds daily tasks like putting the heating on when needed or knowing what time of day or indeed what day it is and echo has simplified all of this for her.She can speak to alexa whenever she likes and get a sensible response and alexa helps her to put the heating on through Hive and she tell her the time andI can give her reminders.Just brilliant!I'm now showing my wife how to play music she likes!


  Good sound for a small speaker. Voice recognition brilliant. Great for hands free when doing things around the home. Even little things like setting a timer hands free while cooking, or to silence when phone rings all usefull for me.  If you have the money to set up a smart home for say your grandparents then this is extremely usefull.  Add a couple of versions with a screen for video calls. For me alexa is the best for voice recognition.


  Really useful tool - and fun, too. I like the lyrics of some songs being shown  and the wide choice of music. I haven't used it for recipes yet  but it's just so easy to set the timer. The only glitch - if it's not just me cocking it up - is that sometimes if there's another echo playing music elsewhere in the house, it refuses to stream; other times it works just fine.I guess it's like all of us - prone to being awkward or grouchy now and again!


  I was really sceptical about having one of these items in my house listening constantly to my conversations.I also did not see the benefit of having one but received one as a part of my black friday deal and I could not love it more.Genuinely it is like having a mini assistant who reminds you about meetings, tv programs and appointments.Alexa can do so much even update you on your amazon orders.Truly love my little alexa and now thinking to buy another two for other rooms in the house.Very good product made by amazon


  Brilliant little gadget that has linked seamlessly to our Hive, Yale Alarm and Apple Music. My only concern was the fact that the courier simply threw our two Echo Dots over our gate, stated that we had signed for them and that they were in our shed....we were 90 miles away and I don’t have a shed. Hermes are a bloody nuisance and shouldn’t be allowed to operate the way they do - and Amazon should drop them as quick as they did for the price of two Echo Dots over the Black Friday deals (39.99 for x2 - yay!!!).


  Bought because my dear wife wanted one! I thought it would be a total waste of time! how wrong can you be? Absolutly love it, great fun and very useful! not what i expected to be saying but honestly, its great. One thing I would say is you need tge stand (only another £5) to enable Alexa to har your commands better.All in all great fun and we are niw building up the other gadgets to work various other e,ectrical things in the house from it.


  To be honest I had never contemplated buying this item, I am nearly 80, it was a Christmas gift from one of my sons.  However after trial and error I am finding it very useful and good company.  I use it for the radio, asking questions (sometimes get strange answers but that makes me laugh and is good fun), tells jokes, a good timer, saves my shopping list.  A very good gift for me would highly recommend.


  Bought this on a black Friday deal as a low cost trial on a home helper. We were amazed at the ease of set up for 2 not very tech savvy grandparents but we downloaded the app and were asking for Christmas music within 2 minutes. Our grandchildren love it too and alexa seems to know all the answers.  She even understands the 3 year old, who I don't always!  Will upgrade sometime but the speaker is better than expected so has already replaced our bulky old stereo.


  This device picked up my home, and work, internet almost immediately.  The sound quality is excellent, the voice recognition is excellent and the device is solid.  It is great for playing music for my students over Zoom meetings and is the perfect device to listen to Audible books when drifting off to sleep.  I ask Alexa to read for 30 minutes and she does!!  Would recommend to anyone.


  Love it, love it, love it.So much I bought 2 more after the first. 85 year old mother loves hers.Wouldn’t let me take mine gone after it played Acker Bilk for her. Now she’s enjoying music that she couldn’t hear using her old disc player. Connected mine to an Anker Soundcore and enjoy music in the garden, and the cricket. Got one for my bedroom too. Fantastic bit of kit and haven’t tried the light and other functions yet...but can’t recommend highly enough.


  Ive got 3 dots (one of which is the older generation) one echo and one echo plus all are very good but the new echo dots are so much better than the previous generation in terms of sound quality. I had to pair a speeker with the old generation and i havent with the new one. My only gripe is that it doesnt hold its sound quality thoughout the voloume levels .At max it starts to distort not that I ever have it on max but it would be nice to know i could if i wanted.


  This is my second Echo Dot. My first was bought as a Christmas present from a friend. For a long time, I swore I wouldn't have any tech like that because I watched 'I, Robot' and decided that the dog already thinks he could easily overthrow me and I've already got a gobby wife who doesn't listen, never mind adding a mouthy cyber thing to my ever impending doom and misery.Imagine my surprise when I opened the wrapping paper to find not only an Echo Dot but a fancy plug thingy! I can barely get my Smart TV to work, so I was conjuring images of me hitting thing with a stick/having a minor breakdown, rather than images of blissful laziness, not having to get up to turn things on and off.Fear not, dear ones, for I got it all set up incredibly quickly and, to my surprise, the aforementioned blissful laziness began... Alexa is more polite and responsive than my wife... Best Christmas present ever!I then decided to push the boundaries of laziness a step further: My wife isn't entirely house-trained and has an obsession with leaving all the lights on, all the time, even in broad daylight...go figure! I can now sympathise with my father and parents all over the world, yelling "it's like Blackpool Illuminations in this house!!", because it's as irritating as...well...as you know what! I thought adding a few light bulbs to my ever-growing cyber empire would be less painless than getting comfortable in bed, to realise the stream of light flowing out from under every.single.damn.door.in.my.house!I now feel like a Jedi Knight! I can turn the bathroom light on before I even get to it!! That's a seriously impressive skill level unlocked! Even my easily unimpressed father is so fixated by it, it's cute!I started to feel like I was living years ahead and was saving myself valuable time; time that is ever so wisely spent binge watching TV series (naturally!). Imagine my horror when I changed my broadband over, one gloomy March evening, to find that:I HAD NO LIGHTS!!!The profanities spewing from my mouth were enough to make a seasoned sailor blush! The whole house had to be reset. My cheeky, little WiFi wife was silent, her little, red, ring of doom (Oi! Easy there!) blinking away in the darkness... The same couldn't be said about my actual wife, who was threatening to bury me and the WiFi wife under the patio because the entire house was in darkness and she couldn't find the TV remote. Technology -1, Sarah -0. Well played...Needless to say, a couple of hours and several Google searches later, I got my blissful laziness back and the wife shush.Now, you may think that I love the Alexa so much for the blissful laziness, which you'd be right in thinking... However, dear reader, whilst that may be a huge bonus, the real reason I now have two cheeky, little WiFi wives is because of my real life wife...I am a sucker for schadenfreude and as immature as a teenager when it comes to getting my giggles and, as it turns out, Alexa has given me *the* most wonderful, belly-aching, laughs since I watched my dog bump into furniture because he raided the bin and got a cheese packet stuck on his head...My wife is from the North East of England and is a Mackem. I am from Cheshire. I don't have an accent...she does... Mother of all things comedy, the Alexa definitely doesn't understand her. Watching my wife try to turn the lights on is the funniest thing ever! The other night, she tried to turn the bathroom light off and ended up playing Rocket Man instead. I literally cannot explain how funny it is, especially because I am on social media and now our entire network waits, with baited breath, for the next update on the arguments my wife has with Alexa!!! My shopping list gets filled with the most amazing items that don't exist, like my wife is trying to get the most Googlewhack's ever found on a shopping list. Random music will start playing because my wife has tried to ask Alexa something. It. Is. Hi. Lar. I. Ous!And that, dear reader, is why you need to buy one! Blissful laziness and if your significant other has an accent, you will thank me later!


  Think of it this way. Why would you buy a drill? Because you want a hole. So what you are  really buying is a hole. Now consider the Echo Dot. It is a multi function tool. It plays music from Amazon. Others have reviewed this function already. It plays the Radio. It can connect to the Ring doorbell and tell  you if someone is at the door. It can control your lights etc. It can act as intercom, (with other units) talk to other homes with a unit. Alarm clock. Cooking timer. answer general knowledge questions, although there are some 'I don't know that' answers. Like everything you buy, you should have a purpose in mind what it will be used for. Otherwise it just sits on the shelf not doing anything. One thing I enjoy is that it has been programmed with a sense of humour. Try asking it to tell you your partner's name. You'll see.


  Love her for information and even just to talk to sometimes lol, she’s really good actually for local news and weather, outside temperature and a multitude of other info relevant to you. Highly recommend.I’m disabled and when I’m on my own if I fall in any room I can shout to Alex’s to call my daughter, who also has one, then I can tell her what’s happened and she’ll come rescue me. There’s nothing better than that!!


  I have an alexa in my room manly so I don't have to turn the light off shes grate for listning to my music as I have prime music she has helped my depression to just by the fact I can say night or good morning to her.  Whisper mode could work a bit better thoe and she doesn't hear me all the time if u see alax with a light its worth using ur alexa app to that way i can turn on my light down stairs


  Quick set up and easy to use, took me a while to work out how to stop it saying what my deliveries where,not best feature when your buying birthday presents. Quality sound and Alexa understands what we are saying most of the time.  Great for those questions the kids ask over and over like what time is it? Or what’s the weather going to do? Go ask Alexa love haha


  This is my second Amazon Echo Dot that I purchased. I absolutely love it! My husband thought it was a load of nonsense at first, but after seeing me use it a few times he gave it a go and he uses it all the time now!You can ask Alexa to do pretty much everything. Set timers, reminders, shopping lists, radio, tell you traffic, weather, fun and weird facts, make animal noises, nursery rhymes, play music and also it connects to the HIVE. I have paired it up with Smart plugs. The list is endless, I'ts great!Also got it in the Black Friday/Boxing Day sales for only £25, barg!


  Having used Google nest mini speaker also I can say that the echo dot is my choice, much better sound, can use all music streaming options and super easy to set up. The Google speaker full of ads unless you pay for premium, this was never a problem with my echo dot and can actually use Apple music unlike the other. The built quality is much better too. If you're undecided as to which to get, definitely get this one.


  I use this device to play radio channels, music, for reminders for shopping lists and exciting things like putting the bins out!I ask questions about football matches.I am able ask Alexa to make phone calls without my having to search for my glasses in order to look for the number.AND IT IS INCREDIBLY EASY TO SET UP. I wish I had bought one much earlier.


  What a fantastic little device! I had reservations due to other reviews around  the sound quality but took a risk on a Black Friday deal. I needn't have worried - the quality of the sound from this tiny little device is incredible!I also set it up with a couple of Phillips Hue bulbs. Everything is so intuitive - it practically does it all for you.  This meant when I was away in Australia last month, I had full control over my lighting back home making it look like the house was occupied. Flippin' Brilliant technology!


   this is a great little device to be honest it's mainly been my children using it and it knows a lot that keep them very busy we haven't had it for long we use in the kitchen and listen to radio ect I was very surprised by the quality of it being so solid and good also by the volume and clear sound my reason for 4 starts on sound and integration is that it couldn't be 4 stars for a small device and it can't know everything


  My new Alexa has been awesome.Ive used it loads since I’ve got. Mainly use it to play my music and have alarm to wake me up in the morning. Love how when it flashes yellow it has a notifactions to let me now when my amazon parcels are out for delivery.Never thought I ever have one as they didn’t interest me at first but I decided to buy one and it’s been easy to use.


  We bought 2 for Xmas for the children who love them, we have bought two more for ourselves the adultsLove the control of our lights and ability to choose program on the stickQuite a lot skills we signed up forAnother useful feature rather than about at the kids to come out of the bedroom for breakfast meals —you can do it from the kitchen Alexa and they connect like 2 phonesWe have iPads and kids have Bluetoothed this soncan use Apple Music on them


  I already had the 2nd Gen Echo Dot which I had been quite happy with.  The only complaint that I had was the rather puny speaker which was lacking in the sound quality department.  This 3rd generation model rectifies that and how.  The sound quality is absolutely superb plus it can do much higher volumes than the previous model.  I was so pleased that I bought a second one so that I can play my music lists all over the house as well as the added convenience of having control over my smart plugs and lights regardless of where I happen to be sitting.  Worth every penny.


  I had the 2nd generation Echo Dots, but had recently given one to a family member, intending to use my Fire Tablet as my other Alexa device... I wasn't that impressed with this solution after a few weeks of trying it in Show Mode, so I decided to go for a new Echo Dot.Wow.Basically, the same functionality, but the improved speakers are so vastly improved that I was astounded. They make the 2nd generation (which I previously thought of as more than adequate) seem massively inferior.The sound is deeper and richer and a whole lot louder... I was annoyed that they announced the new ones about a week or two after I bought mine, but I got mine for such a reduced price that I wasn't too annoyed as I didn't expect there would be much difference. How wrong I was.Buying the new improved Dot for £29.99 almost seems like stealing - it's really fantastic and now that Apple Music can be linked to Alexa, it's a must have. I need to try and convince myself that I don't need to buy more.


  Wow! I watched the documentary about Amazon and how much information they have on us due to our shopping habits and questions we ask of Alexa and I have to say. I DON'T CARE. If it makes my life easier then so be it. I have nothing to hide and the Echo dot does make my life easier. It's like having a butler at my beck and call. I can control my heating, lighting, shopping, listening, viewing, all with a simple request. Brilliant bring it on!


  I bought this Echo Dot for my bedroom as I already had Alexa 1st Generation in my kitchen.  Setting up was easy, I just went into my Amazon Alexa App and chose add device and followed the instructions.  For a little item, the sound quality of this 3rd generation unit is really good, with good clarity and excellent base.  Personally the sound quality is so good I don't feel the need for an additonal speaker.  As a bonus for the 3rd generation you can plug ear phones in too.  And like all the Amazon smart speakers you can use the Echo Dot to call any landlines and mobiles in your contact list.  Highly recommend.


  I use it as a bedside alarm, radio and to control the bedside lights. The device feels well made and is heavy. The speaker quality is good and comparable to the portable PURE DAB radio it has replaced. Set up was easy with the downloaded app. 'Alexa' can hear me wherever I am in what is a large bedroom suite. For me it's a useful and very practical device.


  As somebody who couldn’t initially understand why I would want Alexa in my life, I now find myself with four of them!I use her mainly for playing music and as such I am a huge fan. Controlling other items around my house still seems a bit pointless but maybe that’s just me.The sound quality is amazing for such a small unit and I find I couldn’t be without her now.


  I already had the larger (probably a 1st generation) unit in another room and I simply wanted this, smaller unit for use in the kitchen/diner to listen to the radio/music instead of turning the TV on. This came up at a reduced and, in my opinion, an affordable price so I bought one.It works, as expected, exactly the same as the larger one that I had but what I was most surprised about was the sound in terms of volume level and quality - very, very good and I would recommend one of these!


  This is an amazing piece of technology for the price. I have had the Echo for months and the Dot was a present. The speaker quality is excellent but you can simply plug it into external speaks to create an even better effect. I use it primarily to listen to the radio (any station worldwide), I also make calls hands free and ask questions. There so much this little device can offer and for the price I paid, it's a real bargain.


  I’ve had echoes from the beginning. I had replaced a 1st gen echo plus with the echo sub and two new echo pluses setup. This setup sound fantastic for everyday round the house use and was making my 2nd gen dot in the kitchen sound a bit pants! So enter echo dot gen 3, this sounds sooo much better than the 2nd gen one. And is perfect for my small kitchen. This is used for music, timers and lights daily and works perfectly for this. If you need music (and a little more) for a smallish Room this will not disappoint. My 11 yr old son now has the old 2nd gen in his bedroom and he’s very happy with it. He uses it for music and annoying me with by turning of downstairs lights off!!


  For the money these have been great, I bought when edited before Christmas and got 2 for £40, at £20 each I couldn’t go wrong! I use for the basic stuff and enjoy having the radio stations, setting timers, reminders etc - also bought one for my 83 year old non techy mom who loves it - particularly reminders, news, weather, radio stations etc.  Alexa gets the odd thing wrong or doesn’t understand but I can’t complain for the money and it’s not often with the things we use it for. Have it set up with numerous smartplugs at mine and moms which have bee great too - lights, iron, TV etc We are going to try calling each other and messages too which could be useful for my mum in a situation where she can’t get to the phone in an emergency and can ask Alexa to call myself or my sister - May sound stupid but she finds it a bit of company! If it works we will invest in a second one for her so she has one up and downstairs


  I use my Echo Dot for music / weather / questions.  I am really pleased with this new 'toy'.  I was surprised at how small it is and for the size, the sound quality is excellent.  I am a total technophobe and managed to download the app to my phone and connect up the Dot to the internet without too many problems.  Refinements were made by my son in law during a 'distanced' visit


  Was a little sceptical of how this would work as my house has trouble even playing a radio in the area I wanted to put it. Needn’t have worried it is fabulous the clarity is clear, I now can play music, hurrah, the response from Alexa is instant. I wouldn’t hesitate to recommend people investing in the echo dot and I will add more to my house once the expense of Christmas is over. I have still to fully explore the talents of the dot and can’t wait.


  Easy to set up and use. Sound quality is excellent for music playback, with adequate volume.Not too much trouble with voice recognition, just the occasional miss hearing of words due to not fully understanding my accent. But if instructions given more slowly it picks it up no trouble.A great time saving device if happy to have audio only information rather visual information from a search online using a PC/smartphone.


  Alexa, Alexa Alexa ....where have you been all my life? I cannot believe I have only just bought one. Such an amazing piece of technology. I tell her to add items on my shopping list which appears straight on the Alexa app which is great when I'm out shopping. She reminds me when I have appointments, plays lullabies to my toddler whe. She is going to sleep even helping my son with his homework. I am still learning all about other things she can do. I am truly amazed!


  Surprisingly heavy for such a small device looks an awful lot better than our white plastic one. Sound is much better also. All in all well pleased with the purchase and works fantastic with Amazon music. On saying that we have prime membership and to add music further increases your cost. So as a music player it's ok with limited music unless you subscribe to music then it's expensive. Still a bit of a gimmick I think but that maybe just me.


  I love Alexa. It’s great, I had it in the kitchen originally, where I used it to play radio, convert measurements for baking, news update. Alexa informed me of where my parcel is and when it’s being delivered. Then my daughter (14 years old) took fancy to it and Alexa disappeared into her room. All I hear now Alexa play this and that. She uses it as an alarm in the morning to wake up to. I might have to get Alexa a sister.


  Great wee gadget works great with our TV and lighting. The routines are superb very easy to setup our dog doesn't like being lift in alone, but Amazon music has a playlist of classical music that calms pets down. I now just have to say I'm leaving all our lights go off TV turns off and the playlist starts playing. We can also use our fire hd8 to drop in and check on him which is useful. I would however like to see location triggers you get in the USA to work in the UK that way I don't even have to remember to say anything I just leave and it will do the routine automatically


  It makes life easier for finding the right kind of music for the proper environment and also helps with getting in contact with anyone I need, as well as dealing with anything that I would normally forget. Highly recommend buying one, I plan to buy a couple more for around the house too link up and make life easier for getting all the kids in one place for dinner as 8 live in a town house and normally the kids are in different rooms on all the levels.


  This little neat compact Echo Dot is the best thing I’ve bought since sliced cheese. It’s that cool, that two weeks later, I got my second one and another week later, my third. I’ve also purchased plugs to switch my lamps  on and off. It’s really easy to setup and integrates with Spotify really well and keeps me updated and informed everyday. Great device to have whether you’re a geek or not. I’m totally loving this marvellous addition to my home and would recommend it to anybody, regardless of age. You get what you pay for, and in this case, you’re making a SMART decision.


  We had about five echo dots all around our home including the full size echo (gen 1) and a echo plus (gen 2). I decided to upgrade the dots from the previous generation and I'm so happy I did. The sound quality is far superior to the previous generation of echo dots and they look so much more at home in their differing colours that match our decor. Really cannot fault these products since they look and sound amazing especially when paired in stereo... Now all I need is an echo sub woofer!


  Been looking at these for a while, finally gave in and have to say I love it. It isn’t hifi sound but it’s pretty good for something so small. Truly impressed how even with quite a bit of background noise it still recognises my voice.Ordered the clock version for the bedroom and considering the screened version for the kitchen and this from someone who said “you will never catch me talking to one of those” lol.


  I’m not qualified technically to review the Echo Dot Alexa Speaker, but I can confirm its range of functions is awesome!  The device has numerous skills, and additional skills are continuously coming available.  It arrived ready to use on plugging into the mains and connecting to internet via app.  Operation is merely to voice a question for music, news, weather etc. and listen to good sound quality responses.  Also operators can use the device to control lights and all sorts of appliances, communicate with mobile phone etc.  It is truly awesome.


  Works pretty well, we have several in different rooms. This one was for my mum who is delighted with it. Alexa does come on sometimes randomly with the tv and she does not always hear you correctly bot most of the time she us very good. It is important to remember she doesn't have access to the entire internet so doesnt know everything you ask her. Good sound quality for the music and for drop in conversations too.


  I absolutely love this  deviceI have it in my kitchen as I spend a lot of time there. I haven't had so much fun in ages. Alexatells me jokes when I ask her to, she keeps my shopping list updated and then I have it on my mobile phone when I am shopping. I have it on my favourite radio programme for most of the day, but quite often will ask her to play music by artists I like, sometimes just a particular song.The possibilities are endless and I have a lot to learn yet, to make the most of Alexa. It was an amazing gift at Christmas.


  Not really had anything to compare this to, got it to play music in the kitchen instead of moving the laptop around all the time. It is perfect for that, volume, sound quality is great and it does exactly what I ask it to. Started using it to create shopping list as well as it was so easy to tell it to add things as I was doing things, saves the list to my phone so I have it to hand when shopping. Have added another to study for same reason - playing music while working and it works fine. Not sure what people expect from these but so far this is exceeding my expectations.


  got this in the prime day deals so was a bargain but a very pleased with iteasy to set up once I figured ho to get the app ( I'm not IT literate)I don't intend to change all y fixtures & fittings to enable Alexa to switch everything on & off for me as the cost is prohibitive  but for the odd question recipe, shopping & to-do lists, etc along with all my playlists on demand it's fabulousI wish Alexa understood a few mor questions but you can't have everything


  Extremely impressed with this item. Very good sound quality for the money. Excellent value, especially at the discounted price. Was bought one as a Christmas present by my daughter and was so pleased with it that I treated myself to another immediately, so I now have them paired for true stereo sound, brilliant! Would recommend to any music lover in conjunction with Amazon Music Unlimited subscription of just £3.99/month


  Initially got it because I don't have any other smart speakers I could learn to code some skills/applets for Alexa, it's a smart speaker so there's not much to say about it apart from how loud it actually is for such a smart speaker especially at the current discounted price of £25.The echo tends to pick up my voice just fine, it even picks up accents that I might consider difficult to understand myself great, the only thing that disappointed me the most was the lack of support for some of the European languages such as Polish, Greek and Romanian, that's not to say that there's no third party skill support because there is and you can still access radio stations from those countries, Alexa just doesn't have any form of first party support for it yet.I may consider getting more echos at some point in time although one problem I've ran across so far is that amazon music requires a family subscription if anyone is planning on using multiple echo devices at the same time for listening music on multiple devices around the house.


  Bought this for my wife because she used the radio channels on the TV in the bedroom, after setting sleep timer.  Now the telly has become redundant and she simply tells Alexa to turn off in a specified amount of time.  Mind you I got in trouble because I asked our other DOT to turn the wife's on with Country \hits Radio at 7.30am.  She was not amused.


  I have the 2nd Gen Echo and recently added several 3rd Gen Echo Dots around my home.Here goes the review -SetupDownload the Alexa app, follow the simple instructions, have decent WiFi, and you're ready to go!Sound QualityReally, its pretty darn good for something under £30. Can distort bass at times but high quality considering the other benefits and pretty low cost. Not as punchy as the Echo speakers but if you're on a budget or need something subtler this is definitely worth it.Alexa IntelligenceThe main thing I love about this range is the intelligence/info access Alexa has. Yes, sometimes it gets answers wrong but in the main, I'm thoroughly impressed at 'Alexa's Intelligence' overall, and the number of features it offers.PrivacyI've always been conscious of the potential provaxy flaws with these. What I will say is, there are some rooms where people don't tend to talk about anything private. (Kitchen for example - use it there!) If you need one in the bedroom, just switch the mike/receiver off when not in use.Music Playback/Streaming ServicesThis is important to note. If you want speakers playing the same music, you need to have a streaming service on your phone like Spotify, Amazon Music (there are a few others, not all are compatible). I don't stream music anymore, meaning I can't play my tracks through more than one. Something to consider if you don't use one of the compatible streaming services.Overall VerdictDefinitely 5 out of 5. NOT worth £50, but definitely worth £35 or under, which is easy to find on here or ebay. Highly reccomended, and forgive me for the long review. (Please like it) 


  Bought as a Christmas present for my gran and she loves it. It says hello to her recognising her voice when she says hello and she loves it. She isn't very good with technology but this is really easy for her. My mum has set it up on her phone as my gran doesn't have a smart phone but it was easy to set up and my gran is really happy with it. Always asking it the time and the weather forecast. I want one myself now!


  Easy to set up, sound is pretty good but not great using it as a Bluetooth speakeI don't have a smart home, the echo controls my firestick ok (as long as it's switched on of course)Has some funny answers to lots of questions which can be seen in the alexa app.I can see the "drop in" feature can be useful to talk to family in different households.Bottom line is it can be fun and useful for the right people, I got this as a gift and I was never thinking of getting one.Buy some smart light bulbs and you can turn lights on and off in your room without moving but I'm not quite there yet lol.


  This was our first smart speaker purchase. Why didn’t we get one before!?! I can’t believe how ‘smart’ Alexa is. The kids love changing the colours of the lights, and dancing away to whatever strange song request they give her. I love being able to set a timer while cooking with my hands covered in flour and pausing my audiobook whilst washing up. My husband is enjoying exploring the music of his youth by asking Alexa to play songs from a certain decade, and the rest of us are grateful that we can just ask her to turn down the volume! Honestly, go for it! Fun and Functional!


  Amazing little speaker especially if you have amazon music. I have 3 of these now, one in my kitchen, one in my shop and my daughter wanted one for her bedroom. You get a decent sound of them and as long as you don’t have the volume up full Alexa can hear and understand you. She manages to pick playlists and adjust my hive heating temperature. For the price it really is amazing, I love it and would have one in every room!


  This is a great product. I am new to Alexa having bought an Echo late in 2019. I was so happy with it that in December I ordered an echo dot. However-a big word of warning if you have BT internet using homehub2.There is a connectivity problem which both Amazon and BT are aware of. What was disappointing is that when I bought the Echo dot I was unaware of this and it seems that the customer facing service team are also unaware.  I spent well over an hour trying to get it to work without success and so assumed it was a faulty product. I rang the customer helpline and spent over an hour on the phone to them whilst they took me through various trouble shooting methods but ultimately they accepted that the item was faulty and I returned it.My son had also bought me one for Xmas! I fully expected this to work but I had the same issues as before. I googled the problem which was how I became aware of the connectivity issue. I don’t think the first item was faulty after all.I rang the technical helpline at Amazon. They took me through various stages where I had to change settings on my router to enable the echo dot to work. Success! So much so that I then replaced my order for the returned item. This worked straight out of the box.Amazon needs to ensure that it’s customer care team is aware of the issue so that it can connect customers to the technical team who will be able to sort things out.I can’t live without my Alexa family now!


  I bought this as an extra speaker for my kitchen as I love that you can set timers on it whilst your hands are full of flour etc. Also I am an avid reader and I hate to put down my book but now I don’t have too, Alexa streams the audiobook right from where I left off on my kindle book (once you have bought the kindle book and the audio book)Love the sound and the quality. Love the fact you can now call the device as well via the app so my family are easily contactable now also.


  I got this for my elderly mum along with some smart plugs. Its proven to be a great combination. She was struggling a bit to reach switches so being able to voice control lighting has proven to be fantastic. She's also had a couple of falls so the ability to get Alexa to make a call is also reassuring. Apart from that she uses it to listen to music. This is by far the most useful thing I've given her. She really likes it.


  Okay so I have always used Apple products and was a little skeptical about the dot and sound being so small, well I was wrong for a small compact design it packs a punch. Sound quality is amazing, I find myself using to call my sister on her alexa device and more.I have since added a speaker dock to my dot and it’s just got better, sound is amazing in fact it’s now replaced my CD player I had in my home office


  I bought the Echo Dot after seeing it at my sister-in-law's.  I've only had it a day but I'm very pleased with it, tooks seconds to set up (although I suggest you download and set up the Alexa app on your phone first)  I think it will take a bit of practice to get used to how to word things but that's all part of the fun.  So glad I purchased this, will be taking it away on holiday etc... Once thing I wasn't sure about was how good the sound would be, it's really good considering the size of the device and the fact I only paid £22 on a Black Friday promotion.


  I got this as a Christmas present, it was easy to set up, and its a very handy thing to have for even basic things, it can tell you the weather, its good if you do crosswords and quizzes because you can ask it things and it knows most things, theres even a emergency cpr programme, you just say Alexa activate emergency cpr and it gives clear instructions, you can have other things too some you pay for. like certain music apps.


  Wow. I was apprehensive at first. I've had an Echo for just over a year and it is great. Having moved to a bigger house, I decided to have the Echo in the Kitchen (it's the centre of all the goings on in this house and family), which meant I needed something for upstairs. The plan is to get an echo Dot in each other room, but instead of leaping in, I thought I'd try the Echo Dot in my room first.It took all of ten minutes to decide that each room needed the Echo Dot treatment. They are small, but don't let that fool you. They do everything the Echo does so if that was a worry, then worry no more. Yes, the Echo is louder, taller etc but the Dot is built for more 'intimate' locations. Bedrooms, a study, spare room, a hallway, these types of places. Now, does that mean the Echo Dot is quiet? No chance! At its loudest it is more than enough for you to bang your head to depended on what you like to listen to. And thats before you take into account Amazon have thought these things through. A wal l mount for example let's the sound reverberate through the room instead of partly what it's sitting on, and this is one of many things they have thought of if sound is a buying point for you.Other than that, the link up between the Echo downstairs and the Echo Dot in my room is perfect. The Amazon Alexa App is a genius when it comes to working all this out in a way that is very simple and not time consuming. And, then there's the price. £25!? Unbelievable


  Wow what a product, forget paper and pen esp post it notes this echo has it all,Alexa what’s my appointments this week,add tea bags to my shopping list and best of all,Alexa play my summer tunes list,the one thing you thought about and dismissed is a definite must have,weather, recipes,reminders it’s a modern filer fax -personal note book with tons of extra features inc call the wife or anyone in your phone book,or simply announce from your car via the app you’ll be late due to traffic,kids bored whilst your cooking let them play a game with Alexa,,but be aware if you ask Alexa tell a joke there afew not so funny ones but they make you laugh because they really aren’t funny,,it’s my new best friend the kids the wife and friends love the little gadget with tons of features,don’t think about getting 1 YOU MUST GET 1,,we’ve 3 now-bedroom,living room and kitchen.seriously though 10/10 you’d wish you’d bought one when you first heard of them,now you can control lights laptops kettle tv anything with the extra items to go with it


  This product is excellent and easy to use. I am not into technology that much,but love to listen to music and know about the world around us, and the Echo dot is a marvelous pieceof technology that cannot be missed.alexa will answer most questions asked it is great fun.


  Forget everything else about it let’s just  concentrate on it speaker  sound quality which sounds like a small thing to concentrate on, with like voice recognition to talk about but trust me the speaker  is the most important ,I DON’T have a radio , at homeI DON’T have a stero hi fi at homeI DON,T have a alarm  clock ⏰ at homeI DON’T have a note  pad at homeI DON’T have a egg timer ⏲ at home .WHY BECAUSE I HAVE THEM ALL ON ALEXATHROUGH THE SPEAKERS    ,Why have a radio  when Alexa will shock you across your home  with sound quality an unlike all radio this is internet radio apps from America South America the actual Amazon an Europe Africa the world off radio ,Why have a hi fi when apple  music  or Spotify or amazon music  can all be played in a Alexa echo device with your account,And the bedtime alarm  quality is brilliant and you can also tell your self why your waking up so early with a reminders .Note  pad countdown timers ⏱ reminder voice calls from video call brilliantly done ✅ Amazon ,(Just one thing only though for people concerned about hackers listing in, please be advised to limit Drop in too devices ONLY on your account, problem solved).


  I bought my Echo dot along with 2 hue bulbs and 2 smart plugs. Wow, what a great addition to my home. I love being able to control home electrics whilst I am out, turning on an extra heater or a light so it's not pitch black when I get home.I am discovering new aspects of Alexa every day and really love that I can use it in so many ways. Starting to wonder why it took me so long to get one!!A must have item for every home!!


  Wonderful little thing. Have a big one downstairs and this up. It manages - usually- to find the abysmally weak internet up there, the sound quality is as good as the bigger one as far as I can hear. Simplicity itself to get working (& I’m terrible and impatient with that sort of thing). All my music and the radio. And half price! What’s not to like.


  Received today,had it up and running within a few minutes,sound from it is great & it looks fine too,brilliant little device..having been divorced for over ten years now it was great to be able to actually tell a woman to do something after all this time and have them do it without causing an uproar & i can see this relationship with Alexa being longer lasting than my marriage haha..no doubt the single ladies will be looking for equal rights here and I'm sure it won't be too long until we have an 'Alex' or 'Alexander' choice too..if you haven't already hit the buy now button you won't regret it i promise!!


  We had an echo dot (3rd generation) given as a Christmas present & set it up in the lounge where it  is used to control the lighting & the usual question’s etc. I found the set up between Alexa echo dot & the Amazon Smart Plug also easy using the bar code reader that was on the leaflet that came with the plug. I was so impressed with the Echo Dot that I ordered 2 more to place in other rooms in the house, great to use as intercom as well.


  Fantastic for the modern day home, great for listening to radio, getting the days forecast what ever you want is right there in hand, I have one in Alexa in every room with the main bedroom being a smart room it controls the pc/lights/tv/sky/fire stick/plugs etc and really easy to set up.Definitely recommended to everyone.I always leave my honest opinion on all purchases. If you like my review and it’s helped you in any way please give it a thumbs up Thank you !!!


  I'm very pleased with my echo dot, where I live the dab radio signal is iffy. I just use the echo now.I use it for my morning alarm. it does alarm, weather, calander, news, then radio Cumbria. Much better than an alarm clock.I also wake up a lot at night with pain, I can just say "Alexa what time is it?"The only thing was I was unlucky and bought  3rd gen days before 4th gen came out. I've pre-ordered 4th gen as well, one for lounge.I've heard people complain about speech recognition, I have a strong Cumbrian accent and had no problems at all.


  Very impressed with this product; easy to set up, voice recognition very good, works with our Hive system and sound quality much better than expected. If I had anything bad to say about the product (tongue in cheek) is that it’s so good it made me spend money on smart plugs and bulbs to make even more of the functionality,! Only 4 stars for sound quality is simply because, on high volume, bass resonates slightly (but I do have it set biased toward bass in the settings!).


  My alarm clock radio in my bedroom was rubbish so I decided to buy an Echo Dot as I already had Alexa in my conservatory and I am really pleased with it. The sound is very clear and it doesn’t take up much room on my bedside cabinet. I only have two complaints, it is not made clear that you need to pay for Amazon Music  again, as I already pay for this on my other Alexa I think that this should be linked to any other one purchased, just another con from Amazon and only a couple of days after I purchased mine they were reduced by £10!! I do think they should say when they are going to reduce them.


  This is my second dot 3rd generation  purchase and I also have a echo 2nd generation that in itself should tell you these are great if your in two minds as to order one or not I say go for it see what all the fuss is about as I wasn't sure when I ordered my first one but I use it all the time so much so I'm having one in each room and now I have a smart thermostat for my heating some of the music quizes Alexa offers are quite addictive and you don't have to have company to play as you can have opponets randomly selected from around the world


  Bought this on a black Friday deal as we had an older version passed on to us last year and very quickly realised how useful it was. We are still finding new features on it but currently use it as an alarm clock, and listen to sleep sounds at bed time.My son has the Google home version but I prefer the Echo dot as it looks nicer and feels more robust. I can't imagine not having a smart speaker now.


  Great product for what we needed. Currently being used as the shhhh/white noise machine in the nursery. Bought in the sale at £25 which is a bargain for this kit. Voice recognition is great 95% of the time. Sound quality is great for the size and 100 times better than the tablet we were using to play the white noise. Also means we can easily dim the nursery light when needed. Very easy to setup with our existing Alexa kit.


  Above all, it’s fun! So far I’ve added lights, Sonos, TV and heating controls for my house plus several lists. Alexa tells jokes, gives weather forecasts and answers questions. It won’t be long before I wonder how I ever managed without one! A few issues with speech recognition, especially commands I've set up to perform multiple tasks. Also I cannot figure out how to get Alexa to wake me up with BBC Radio 2 but she can play the station on request!


  I love Alexa, she is so handy and one of those products you don't think you need until you have her. She makes my life seriously easy and she works very well, connects easy, and easy set up.Alexa herself is a fancy lady, nice heavy feel to her, and beautiful heavy metal speakers, that sounds great.Only thing that would be nice, would be if she didn't have to be plugged in at all times, but thats the only POI


  Alexa has quickly become one of the family. We're not going down the smart devices route, but like having the Dot in our front room for music (plenty we want to listen to included with Prime), radio, news and weather, and general asking of questions. Our little boy is always asking Alexa to burp or trump, although he gets very aggressive in his commanding!!! For sucha little thing, we think the sound quality is great.


  I’ve been generally resistant to purchase Alexa but after hearing many positive reviews from friends I decided to purchase during one of the amazon half price offers. I am so delighted with my new friend Alexa and equally annoyed I didn’t purchase sooner. Have connected it to my TV and phone and as an avid list maker Alexa is my new best friend. Still learning what Alexa can do but it seems like endless possibilities. Next purchase is soon going to be smart plugs/lights!


  A smart Smart device. Looks good, works well and seems to have almost endless uses. So far, it has told me the weather, the traffic on my commute, given me reminders, played my music (via Amazon Music) and even told my brother that he smells! What more could anyone want? I cannot recommend these highly enough - I bought 2 along with a refurbished Echo 2 and I will be getting more for the family. I also intend to get some smart plugs to go even further into Automation heaven.


  Got this as a gift and what a piece of kit. My son-in-law set it up for us and within minutes we were away. Signed up for the streaming at £3.99 per month (1st 30 days free). Can move it anywhere in the house. Sound quality is very good and clear. Have not tried everything Alexa can do yet but we're getting there. I think we will try books next, I fancy having a story read to me. There is no limit. Highly recommended.


  Extremely pleased with my Alexa. 'She' is great fun, lots better than I expected and for such a small device, the sound quality is really good. I didn't realise that as a 'Prime' customer, I would also get so much 'free' music to choose from, including the latest albums. Also, Alexa does so much more than I was expecting. A great purchase, especially at this price. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this item to anyone.


  Next day delivery as advised. Extremely straightforward to set up taking just a few minutes. Wonderful sound quality for such a small speaker, vibrant across the full range. Speech is incredibly clear. Absolutely delighted with the echo dot for £25, a great bargain. Not sure if there's an optimum position recommended but works fantastically well on a kitchen shelf about 5 feet off the ground. Now where can I put another?  


  We bought this Dot to replace our ageing first generation version which had started to go deaf in its old age. This newer model does not disappoint. The sound is MUCH louder, but also clearer than the older version. I won’t go into the features of what it can and can’t do, as there will be 1000’s of reviews listing them already. Would highly recommend upgrading if you’re planning to, you’ll be impressed with the upgrade!


  I am 89 and set it up easily. Tells me my forthcoming calendar events and is great for controlling TV when I've left the remote across the room! Remarkable at immediately researching and correctly pronouncing complicated names. I am thinking of getting some wifi controlled lamps for when I'm comfortably seated reading as the light fades! I sit attempting to think of really obscure facts to ask - and the frequency of immediate, correct response is amazing! Everyone should have one!!


  Very functional and surprisingly good sound quality for such a small device.  The sound is superior to my expensive Sony dock, even the bass.  After many many attempts though, I have given up trying to stream my iTunes library through the device - I think you need to be a tekkie to achieve that!  However, now I’ve signed up to Amazon Music this is not a major problem - just a shame I cannot access my own compositions recorded using Alexa.


  What a gorgeous little speaker this echo dot mk2 is now covered in cloth.I have the original  dot but always used a larger blutooth speaker connected to it for better sound as the original dot sounded tinny .The latest dot has had a big ipgrade in looks and sound with far more volume.I have in fact purchased 2 and paired them for stereo .the output and quality of sound is stunning from such a small speaker.A friend of mine came to my home and i played him some music through the dot and he was blown away with the sound quality ,the detail and separations of instruments .He has a very expensive audiophile system ,so impressed with these dots he bought 9 and now has them in each room in his house and ssid they are great for listening to the radio and even playing Amazon music through.I bought mine at the sale price if £24a giveaway ,at £49, now still a brilliant buy ,simply go and buy one ,with all the Alexa features on top and out and iut must have .


  It is alot of fun using voice recognition, but it largely just replace's other forms of automation.The sound quality of the echo dot reflects it's size. We run it through a hifi system using the auxillary output. Sound is then, nearly as good as through full digital Ariel, to within 2 or 3 %.All of that said we are planning to extend are use of Alexa through an echo show upstairs. So it must be good.


  Was very surprised how much I liked and use this, thought I wouldn't bget on with it as it's not that great with things like crossword questions. But I'm hooked love how she speaks to you recognises who is speaking makes a shopping list entertainment for my nephew who loves the animal noises etc feel like we are just scratching the surface with it


  I got this mainly out of curiosity rather then intent to utilize it fully, but now it is part of my everyday life, my daily routine and even my work.The sound quality baffled me for the price. it's not 5.1 100 euro range but it's really well balanced and the sound is rich.The only thing it had a bit of issues with is understanding sentences that is including names and the Irish accent sometimes.With integration with IFTTT (an automation app) as well as skills I now wake up with soft music.I use the timer a lot to keep track of my breaks and I have my favorite music playing within a second.The kids had a lot of fun with it as well when they told it to sing for them and to fart.It is also great for solving issues quickly. got a stain on the rug? Ask Alexa what will help the situation.Super handy and would like to see it implemented more in my life!


  We bought this for our daughters bedroom and it works well, as it is a relatively small room the size is perfect and she is able to communicate with it well enough at 3 years old to play songs.You can control it remotely via the app and play audio books as well as music and also 'drop in' and talk to her even if you are not in the house.


  Better then the wife, don't tell her that tho, I ask Alexa anything and she tells me whatever I want to know, I can ask her anything and she tells me, the wife just ignores me or give me the silent treatment, so I have found a new woman in my life, always willing to chat, tells me jokes, stories, the weather and anything I want.  So having Alexa is better then having the wife around, and a lot happier to chat to.  Go on spoil yourself get Alexa and give the wife a rest.


  Couldn't resist getting two Dots for £40 .... already got a Spot and a Show, all four of them have fantastic sound quality and are used non-stop, in two bedrooms, the kitchen and the living room. Set up is so easy and probably took no more than two minutes per Dot. I run them all from the Alexa app on my phone or Fire tablet, we use them for everything from  radio, to Amazon music playlist, train times, recipes, annoying the dogs with animal sounds,  weather updates, and love the drop in facility so I don't have to shout upstairs to my son anymore!  Can't recommend highly enough and at two for £40, it was a no-brainer.


  Bought Echo dot to run different electrical items around the home and so far I am really happy with my purchase. Even for a Dinosaur like me, I have managed to get my head around using this new technology to make a difference to me and my wife’s life style. Love it, so have bought a second with plans for a third, after the Echo dot Christmas frenzie ends in January, so not the only one who loves this technology it seems.


  I always vowed I'd never use Alexa and therefore wouldn't purchase an Echo Dot but finally opted to give it a go ... and i love it! Having the option to play my apple music through the device without having to even touch my phone is fab. The sound quality is amazing too. Bottom line - if you're deliberating over whether to get one or not, go for it!


  Echo dot for £24. Bargain little device. It has so many uses we have them scattered around the house and call each other on them. Not Sonos quality for sound but great for casual listening of radio in the morning and it can control the Sonos when we want that. Can’t get it to work with Roku devices. It has loads of great games and we play from Amazon music or radio stations. Now looking for more connected devices like heating controller, sockets and lights.


  Managed to bag the echo dot on a deal day and but it for 99p.... and for that I will never complain!! Seeing as I already have prime and a big advocate for amazon anyway this device didn’t disappoint. Been looking at one for a while and just saw the deal at the right time!! The overall device is great voice recognition works, the sound could be better it’s not overly impressive but it does hat it needs too and I love it


  My family bought this for a Christmas present and I think it is lovely I was going to buy one for myself and luckily my granddaughter was down when I was about to get it and she said just have a word with dad as he will know which to buy and what a wonderful surprise it was to get it, nice to say Alex play this or ask a question and it just happens, I am still getting used to it but wouldn't be without it now.


  We have every room covered now and this last one is for the shed.  We bark out commands and things happen, the lights, TV, AC, Cameras and more all the time are voice activated.  Routines prepare for our arrival or start when sensors activate...until the broadband drops.  Oh, the effort when that happens - where is the remote?  Why is it dark in the house when I arrive on the drive?


  Sometimes don't understand and put another thing complete different.But most of time make what I want. as a appointment, radio, google, alarm.Good product for remember you things, play the radio and much more.The only down is that you she can find more the things in the language you speak, for example. When I ask to play radios from Spain she choose another radio in UK. Have to repair this problem.


  Several friends recommended getting one,bit was on special offer for 29.99. Love it. I've finally got staff! Lists, reminders, alarms ,timers. Of course I succumbed to the marketing and now pay 3.99 a month to Amazon music with millions of songs. Hopefully I will be buying less CDs from charity shop. Gradually creating my own playlists . I must be easily pleased but the sound quality sounds fine to me and I love listening to music. Just acquired the AnyPod skill so can listen to any podcast as well as any digital radio station.


  These echo dots are easy to use, easy to set up and are really handy to have in every room. You can ask it just about anything. You can use it for an Alarm Clock, Timer, Set Reminders, Play music, Send messages, use it to control your smart devices, Well the list with what you can do with it is endless. I have bought 3 for myself now and 2 fur my daughter definitely a great little device to have around the home.


  Fabulous device, better than expected in features, capability and sound quality, including free UK calling.If you invest in one of these units take the trouble to integrate your calendar and phone contacts and set your exact location with your post code. Ensure you have the country set to the country you’re actually in, i.e., if you’re in the UK make sure it’s set to the UK not USA otherwise Alexa wont correctly identify what your asking with such as a particular UK radio station such as Talk Radio UK rather than a USA station.Fun to use and extremely accurate on voice  recognition, easily connects to any Bluetooth speaker device although it’s own speaker is high quality. If your exiting hifi speakers are not Bluetooth enabled consider investing in a Bluetooth connecter such as TP Link that will enable you to connect Alexa via your hifi system.Once you buy one unit you will end up buying more units for other rooms so if you see a good deal from Amazon take advantage of it although for some random reason Amazon may restrict you on how many you can buy at a discount rate which I guess endorses their popularity and high demand.


  I'm currently trying to add Alexa integration into every room in the house so will be buying Alexa enabled devices on a regular basis.This third generation Dot currently sits in my living room where it performs the usual tasks such as controlling devices and playing music, the latter is surprisingly good given its minuscule size.One bonus has been it's looks, my home is very mid century so modern items tend to stick out like a sore thumb, the Dot however looks pretty good with it's fabric cover positioned next to a record player with similarly fabric covered speakers.


  Bought 2 of these Echo Dots to add to one we already use with the main Echo unit.  Purchased these when on a special offer so I felt it was good value. Useful to keep in touch with another member of the family in another part of the house using 'communicate' either using recorded voice message or typing via mobile phone.  Also excellent for listening to radio stations or music instead of a dedicated radio. We frequenlty use the system for alarms and reminders.


  It’s great ! The only thing which is annoying is that only one of us can stream music at a time and if we want to use two at the same time we have to pay £14.99 a month in addition to our prime subscription for that facility- slightly exorbitant!!!!


  Love my echo dots. I started with the echo, which was bought as a gift, and I loved it. Not long after I bought one each for my daughter's, shortly followed by one for my room and the kitchen. Love being able to make announcements to the household,  ie. "Dinner's ready" or "start getting ready for bed" :) The sound on these are great and we listen to Amazon music, Spotify and radio stations. Useful for setting alarms and reminders and even compiling lists. Very happy with my collection of echo's. If you are undecided, I say go for it!


  I had Alexa for my birthday , so far  from 8 th August till today i have used it every day , it is really very good , i did not set it up my niece did this for me , so far i am pleased with Alexa , i do find my self saying please and thank you to her but no matter she just takes no notice abnd just gets on with the task i have set her ...................


   So far Alexa is one of the few AI that can recognise everything i say. Bixby on my Samsung looks so dumb compared to the Amazon assistant. I use the Echodot to stream music, set timers for the kitchen, turno on and off smart plugs etc. The quality of the sound is good enough for what you pay. Design is minimal and elegant


  This is the second Dot I have purchased.  The previous one was good but this one is much better.  Voice recognition appears much more accurate.  However, it is in speaker sound quality that this version really wins.I need to keep my first Echo Dot permanently connected to a speaker to get decent sound.  With the new Dot, no external speaker is necessary.  There's a nice full sound, with a good level of bass.What don't I like - nothing!


  My wife wanted to get Virgin Radio in the mornings. We tried the app and various DAB radios but nothing worked until we got this. Now we  have set an alarm using this echo dot  to wake us up to our favourite stations.It was easy to set up and worked straight out of the box, it does need to be plugged in to its power supply. However, it does detect cordless Bluetooth speakers in other rooms. And as long as you have an Internet connection its a much cheaper alternative to a DAB radio


  Bought this as it was on special pricing as a Xmas gift.Once I had ordered this I looked into what it can do and was amazed.Discovered it can control light bulbs and my fire stick. So I bought a Philips hue lightbulb also.Product is great and voice recognition is good Alexa has great taste in music she is quite clever indeed.Currently we are in process of getting our house as smart as we can


  I had a second gen dot before, sound quality was ok but this third gen is so much better, good bass and volume. I have three of them now. I back moved over from google as to be honest theirs was awful, Alexa works and I’ve no stress like I did with google, sorry google but you dropped the ball. Alexa is also compatible with far more devices. Everything’s improved from the last generation, even the app is noticeably better. I’m happy.


  We love these! Got my mum to start using it for her music and then my step dad comes in and tells Alexa ‘goodnight’ to turn the music off and she replies ‘night night’ and continued playing! absolutely fantastic the jokes she brings to the household


  Really like this product, so much so I bought another. I have one in the garage and the original in the hot-tub cabin. it's loud enough to be heard above the jets and the quality is excellent. I also purchased the optional cradle for wall mounting. Works great but you could easily fashion your own cradle cheaply. Just wish Alexa wasn't so stupid some times......


  We bought this on the 99p offer with Apple Music and having never had an Alexa device before we love it! The voice recognition works well, we like the daily quiz options and other fun things. Also as we use amazon a lot the notifications and lists are great. It also prompted me to keep amazon music which I now prefer to my previous subscriptions. It looks stylish and is super easy to set up, overall definitely worth a try!


  Always told myself I wouldnt get too involved with technology where I may get lazy .... BUT... as I enjoy listening to music to relax before dropping off to sleep this is PERFECT. No need for me to reach for a remote or get out of bed etc to turn off the radio, I just ask 'Alexa' to turn off or turn down and it doesnt disturb me, in fact, most mornings its still playing ( very low volume ) and I have a great nights sleep. Great buy.


  Got this in grey and one in white for family birthday presents.Great little product which arrived on time, nicely packaged (well protected).No issues whatsoever. Really easy to set up and we've bought the smart light bulbs too.I'd recommend that you buy when these items are being promoted as part of a sale I.e. why pay full price of £49 when you can get them 20 quid cheaper.I'd highly recommend however wait till a promotion is on and you'll knowcyouve got yourself a real bargain!


  What I like about Alexa in general we have two types the dot and the bigger one comes down to this. I live between Glasgow and  Edinburgh, my accent is a bit of both with ex-army thrown in. Alexa understands exactly what I am saying. You can also link them together as a double speaker or if in different rooms you can play different music. A major downer though is to get Alexa to control TV, Netflix, Amazon, lights etc you need to spend to get the right tech for each item you want it to control.


  My partner and I are very impressed with the Echo Dot. Although this is the small version, the sound is excellent.We have the freedom of choosing our own choice of Music and also another bonus is being able to tune into Radio Caroline which we have never been able to receive on our Dab Radio. An excellent buy would thoroughly recommend.


  Really pleased I bought this new 3rd Gen Echo dot. It not only looks better than the black one I had.It sounds much nicer to. Softer in tone. Also my son has linked it to his mobile so if I should need him in emergency I can just call out to Alexa to phone my son  when people living on their own would probably find it helpful in case maybe they have a fall and cannot reach the phone them self’s .


  I had a Gen 2 Dot for a long time, excellent bit of bedroom kit for alarms and checking news updates but would never dream of listening to music on it without a bluetooth speaker.Gen 3, Music listening is almost as good as my full size Echo in the living room - adding it to a group and using it for multi room music is excellent when moving around the house and I've found Gen 3 seems to be the device that takes my command even when I'm technically closer to the Gen 2 to the microphones must be upgraded as well.


  Bought one of these in the black friday deal, wasnt sure what to expect, when it arrived it was very easy to setup and get working, I have hue lights and the dot can control them, you do need to edit the lights names from within the alexa app but that so you can remember which name is for which light, I was so impressed I bought a second dot for upstairs, it can connect to your apple music or to amazon music and other music streaming services,Edit: I have since gone and bought a third dot


  Bought for my grumpy teen, easy to set up as is always the case with amazon products. Very pretty compared to the original 1st gen speakers and surprisingly loud. Love the facility of being able to send messages from one speaker to another, means i barely have to see that look of absolute horror when i need her to do something around the house, i can just bark orders via Alexa!


  We got this for Christmas and its been used every day .. plays all our music . Easy to connect the grandchildren have it singing nursery rhymes... I am sure it does a lot more than we know . Only one negative thing which is probably us not going through all the settings .. was looking at my email and had some how joined amazon music on a monthly plan ... so now I have turned off the buying by voice on the app


  I removed this from my basket a number of times as I thought I was being impulsive buying something I would hardly use. I finally went through with buying one and I love it. The sound is better than any of my portable speakers of similar size and I can’t believe how quick it retrieves the answers to my random questions. I’ve no smart plugs or lamps in the house so I can’t comment on connectivity but I think it’s value for money even as an interactive speaker.


  Had always avoided these for fear of privacy issues but finally bit the bullet, having a little trouble with integration but put that down to my lack of experience and will update as we go. Having great fun messing around with it and set my Hive components with ease, great accessing my music. Having an issue with Sony TV app i.e. wont work but don't think I'm the only one!! Going to purchase a few more smart home items and see how we get along.. All in all great for the money if only for the fun factor and has its obvious merits, I think its a great little item.....


  Excellent for radio, love listening to Chris Evans in The morning on Virgin but other stations during the day, so easy to swap between, Alexa finds them easily!!  Finds music easily from my amazon prime music, Sound is very good, much better than expected, Also works well as a reminder and the weather is handy.  Other options prob won’t use.  I bought it on Prine day so great value, wish I had got another for upstairs,  will wait till on offer again rather than pay full price.  Recommend


  I family brought echo dot for my 86 year mother we opened Christmas day , she absolutely loved it she can ask for her favourite music she hasn't got to fiddle around looking for radio station, also it's company for h er, mum as been diagnosed with early dementia, this is easy to use, she often forgets dates , days now she can ask, so impressed with the sound quality. For a small gadget I decided I wanted one


  The sound in this generation is excellent. I thought my 2nd generation ones was good but this is brill. Looks great and connection was a breeze for one of the two I bought bit a bit more difficult ie took three goes before it joined the network. I have dots in all rooms and I bought two of these to replace two of my oldest ones as this was such a good deal at two for forty  pounds and the sound is much better.


  I've been holding off from buying an Echo for so long now waiting for the right price and then on the Black Friday sales ended up buying 2!On opening the packaging I found they are so easy to setup and every step is thoroughly explained on your phone. Once setup I tried a few voice commands and to my pleasure it understood very well and responded. I also downloaded some "Alexa Skills" to use like some games and such and they worked fantastically. The selection of Alexa Skills is honestly quite amazing there's something for every need on there and you can even program your own skills also!All in all a very solid purchase that I am completely happy with.


  If we're going to be spied on, why not do it in style?! Alexa automates my lighting, helps with reminders for my calender and sells my personal information to advertisers! Joking aside, I had purchased this for a family member but was told that she wouldn't use it! Fast forward two weeks, she's round and we're all having a blast playing different songs and games using some of the great additional features Alexa has!! WHOS LAUGHING NOW YOU OLD WOMAN!!!!


  Got this bought for me as a Christmas present and quickly set it up against everything in the living room (plugs, TV, lamps, main lights and speakers). Takes the "hands free" experience, with a new baby we rarely have both hands available so talking to our devices is great!Sound quality is good, voice recognition is strong as well, even picks up most of what our 2 year old has to say (mostly asking alexa to fart or play animal noises).Will be adding to our collection once the January pay drought is over!


  Ok Dislikes - the app is not particularly easy to navigate when you have a problem.  For example, I couldn’t understand why overnight service had gone from being able to ‘drop in’ to not being able to.  In the end it was because I needed to make one of the echo’s the lead echo lol but I had to discover this myself as the help on the app was not only difficult to navigate but also not very good.The only other issue (if I were to be really picky!!) is that occasionally it doesn’t hear what you say or mis hears what you say.Now for the likes - Easy to set up, easy to pair with other smart devices like heating, lights etc, good sound quality, great selection of music available without signing up to any subscription packages, great used as an intercom too lol.  Me and my daughter have had great fun with ours already.  Would be great for offices too I should imagine.  Would definitely recommend this item.


  The sound improvements from 2nd Gen to 3rd Gen Echo Dot models are remarkable.  I’m a big fan of the Echo Dot but the one criticism I had with the previous models was that the sound quality and volume could be better.  Well, Amazon nailed it with the 3rd gen Echo Dot – the sound improvements are astonishing!  Aesthetically it looks much better too.  If you haven’t owned an Echo Dot before, buy it, you won’t regret it. And if you already own Echo Dot older model I can’t recommend highly enough how much better this 3rd generation model is compared to the previous models.  For the price this purchase was a no-brainer.


  My second echo dot (3rd gen, my other is a 2nd gen), richer and bassier sound. Aesthetics have improved too. Bought in the Black Friday event so bought at a bargain price. I would recommend this little gem. It's not as good as the much larger echo but for a bedroom, kitchen etc. it's a no brainer. Outstanding value for money. Wake up groggy for work on a Monday, you don't have to open your eyes, "Alexa, what time is it"?


  I purchased the echo dot to compliment the echo plus that I've had for quite some time. It was on offer at the time 40% off. I wanted it for my bedroom to use as an alarm clock to wake me up to a radio staion.  Setup was a snip, all I had to do was turn it on!  The sound quality is amazing for such a small device. The intercom and announcement feature I'v also found useful.  I've found it an all round useful item to have, so much so I immediately bought another one for the lounge.


  That is the 'Dot's' primary function for us, as a radio in the bedroom, where it has an extremely good sound quality and performs as well or better than a DABS radio, which would also be more expensive.  Add to that its capacity to answer questions, tell us our diary commitments for the day, confirm the time, and so on, and you have an extremely good value solution.  One minor gripe - lack of volume sensitivity at the low end.  The volume difference between 1 and 2 is quite marked.


  I'd expected the sound quality to be quite low given the price differential between the Echo and the Dot, but actually it's pretty good and my intention to attach it to better speakers hasn't been required.I mostly use it as a radio, which it's pretty good at - and also playing music from Amazon Sounds. Used in conjunction with the app, it's good at that too.Voice recognition is very good for both my wife and I, and it required no training.I'm impressed enough that I'll probably buy more for other rooms - certainly the bedroom and maybe the kitchen and the office.


  Every home should have one.......or more!  Love my dot so much I now have three and that’s after just one week since I bought my first.She works in the garden with a battery pack!She has told me she has no intention of taking over the world.No more stumbling around in dark as she turns on the lights as requested.  Plays mellow music as I drift off to sleep, shuts off in as many minutes as I requested.Wether you need help with your homework, or just checking something mid program, she’s the bestie who can help.If you know someone who has one, ask if you can see Alexa in action.Amazon..  give all your customers one of these.  Watch how many plugs you sell off the back of each one given!  Not forgetting those who will buy a second or third one.


  I bought this as it was on the Black Friday offer and honestly, for the money it is amazingThe sound is streets ahead of the echo dot 3nd Gen units I have fitted around the houseA really good, solid bass sound for the moneyYou won’t be hosting a party with it, but apart from that, this is an amazing piece of kit for the price of a Friday night takeaway


  The 3rd generation Echo Dot is a significant improvement over the previous versions - better looking and much improved sound.  I received this one when I signed up to Hive and it can certainly control my heating system using voice.  It has also integrated well with the existing Echo so no problem there.Only trouble is that with so many IOT devices it is getting confusing as to what is connected to the network and what they are called!!


  This is a significant improvement compared to earlier versions. I have had them all and always found an issue with volume. We have one in the kitchen and could never hear them properly when the kettle boiled or the extractor fan started.This latest version is very different and much louder. It also looks “softer” and fits in well.The only downside is it no longer uses a usb connection to power it, so cannot be take outside with a usb battery pack etc.


  I had external speakers initially plugged in that I use with my iPad, but the inbuilt speaker is better and has good bass. Easy to operate and the fact that it subtly messages you with any delivery or feedback on questions asked, is an unexpected bonus.  Easy to see the yellow ring around it.  Live it and already see as as essential as my iPad!And digital radio for Virgin Radio is brilliant too.


  As a Prime subscriber I already had access to Amazon music but never used that facility. Thinking a Dot could be a useful substitute for my ancient ipod/speaker setup for casual music playing and with the offer price of £30  (- £0.01 !) I bought one.Amazon music and the Dot has the ability to access a vast catalogue of music, other recordings & digital radio with the advantage of handsfree control for requests and volume adjustmentFor such a small device sound quality and volume output is good. Using a freestanding holder may improve it.Setting alarms and reminders is a useful tool. Information searches another. Although I am uncertain if the ability to activate light switches, heating control, coffee machines, window blinds etc. is a clincher for a purchase. (As a dinosaur I remember TVs before remotes and couch potatoes were invented when you had to walk to the B&W set switch it on then return to adjust volume or change channel)However .... if you do not have a wifi connected android device setting up the Dot can be problematic. I use a Virgin cable router with wifi and wired LAN but my PC has no wifi and runs Windows 10. My Nokia mobile also runs Windows 10 but would not accept the Alexa app download. Eventualy I used a linx tablet running 10 on wifi to download the Windows app which communicated with the Dot enabling simple setting up.I was lured into also buying an Amazon Smart Plug offered at £10er (listed £25 - £0.01) with the Dot. So far no success linking that to Alexa. The Windows 10 app does not enable it. Presumably I need the use of an andriod phone with the app.Even without the Smart set up I am still happy with the little device.Meanwhile anyone want an Amazon Smart Plug, unboxed but unused, a bargain at only £10 + pp


  This product is a great product if you use it to its full potential. I like it whilst preparing food as I can ask how many calories in an exact g of food, which helps with my diet. I also like the morning daily brief, and that it can answer almost every question. I've been able to put my phone down much more. Great product, great price.


  This is a bit chunkier and looks good in a living room compared to the original dot. The sound, while not big and hi fi like, has a nice depth for its size and Alexa’s voice sounds full and realistic. My original dot has been relegated to a waterproof box in the gazebo and works really well connected to a Bose speaker. It also controls the garden lights and a waterfall. The new one sits under the tv and controls the lights and basic tv functions. Great bit of kit, whichever model.


  So I am new to this type of technology but now I am blown away by the value it adds to daily life.  I know it can do way more then I am asking of it but, even as I use it now its a real enhancer to our life at home and I would recommend anyone of any age to get one.  If you think you wont be able to set it up yourself then ask someone more savvy, (I had one or two difficulties which I did overcome myself but we had to do my mothers as no way could she have done)  Its brilliant!!!!


  Fantastic addition to my home. As a disabled person it makes my life so much easier as it communicates with numerous devices making my home hands free and voice activated. I can set reminders, alarms, make shopping lists that I can also access from my phone and so much more using the alexa skills app. It has made my life so much easier.


  Its not my 1st dot and I have been using them for years.Attractively designed and the led lights are a cool touch when you talk with Alexa. Best thing about is you can literally unplug it, move anywhere plug it back in and it takes a few seconds for it to be blazing your favorite tunes.The speakers are great the quality of the sound has improved a lot from previous echoIt’s a great buy as it was on offer from Amazon.


  Husband bought this as he fancied a toy, I didn't really see the point.Some of the tricks are helpful, like its news and weather reports. It makes an excellent hands free kitchen timer and having the ability to change radio station hands free is a bonus.The speakers are excellent and the unit can pick up our commands from other rooms.We've added a trick to make Alexa bark which has helped summon our dog to the kitchen.I'd recommend as a kitchen gadget.


  My kitchen radio broke so I was looking for a replacement and wondered if this would be a suitable replacement. It is and so much more. The sound quality is very good as far as I am concerned. We use it for weather forecasts and timing when cooking. I also play my amazon music through it. Not sure yet how to sync my iPod music with this, have tried but not successful yet. We are still learning all of Alexas skills but so far I’m really happy I went down this road.


  Have been using an Alexa dot 2nd gen for years. I've got it linked to a large Jam Symphony speaker. Works brilliantly. This new gen echo dot is even more incredible. Much heavier and the sound quality is superb. It controls the lights in my bedroom as well as using it for radio. No need for an extra speaker. Can't get over the quality.


  I basically got this to be a voice-controlled digital radio for my workshop - something it does very well, backed up with a very useful timer function and reasonable unit conversion abilities. Excellent value at its sale price. Easy to set up if you're used to Alexa set up and already have the app on your phone. Only minor niggle is that if it drops the wifi connection then sometimes it loses the plot and has to be set up again from scratch.


  I love my echo dots, which were given to me as a gift. I do not have them attached to any household lighting or appliances etc but their potential for use by elderly or invalids in that way  is wonderful. Anyway back to my use of them, they are practical in sending messages up/downstairs, answering questions, updating  weather forecasts, news or playing music. They can also be connected to one's call list, which would be fantastic in an emergency..


  Ok the speaker isn’t the greatest for playing music, but I never bought for music purposes.  The dot is a great simple bit of kit for being lazy like myself .  Even with my Xbox controller in my hand I still think it’s brilliant to ask Alexa to tell the Xbox to select Netflix or sky player lol.On a serious note our 4 year old loves asking for a story to be told or asking for the time. Brilliant for times etc and with the correct skills added it is near enough limitless on what you can do with the Dot.Connected with our sonos speakers and other electrical appliances very easy.


  The Echo dot can play music. It can play music on Sonos, but not at the same time, why is that?It also flashes green when you are due a delivery. Ask Alexa why she is flashing green and she hasn’t a clue (could have equally said “he” but mines got a female voice. Thought I’d clear that up before I was accused of being sexist, I don’t want any rioters around at the moment) Alexa help tells you you are on a call. Took flipping ages to find out it was a delivery from Amazon arriving. But that said a very welcome addition to the family


  Bought as a Christmas present and initially we used it a lot, but the novelty has worn off.We pay for amazon music and the children do ask her questions, some she doesn’t always know the answer to. The children love the fart app which is free. And the Harry Potter quiz goes down well. I’m looking into buying plugs and bulbs and maybe we’ll get more use from it.


  I wasnt looking to get an echo, i was looking for a dab radio this serves that purpose with fantastic sound and i love being able to set a timer on how long it plays for, ie i like listening to the radio before i go to sleep but hate waking up to it (i know im straaange). I like being able to set an alarm without having to look at the screen of my phone in the pitch black blinding my eyes if i forgot to do it while i was wide awake.I also use it as a bluetooth player you can use all functions without having to lift a finger like skip/volume/pause, and again set a timer on how long it plays forId definatly recomend it.


  Loving this new colour option. Loved even more it came a week earlier as it originally stated post Christmas delivery after ordering it for myself on Black Friday, so I wasn’t too bothered about it arriving late. However... I’ve been sat able to wrap the presents that I have bought everyone else with my new Alexa playing in the background.Fantastic price (due to Black Friday) and even faster delivery. Thanks


  The echo dot 3rd gen is one of the best voice assistants and I will tell you why.Voice recognition is way better than other voice assistants as I tested.The sound quality is amazing. The thing that I like is that you can adjust the sound and the quality of it from your mobile phone. The bass is amazing if you are playing songs using Amazon Music or Spotify.Alexa is always understandable. No glitches, bugs, or whatsoever.I really recommend buying it if you are looking for a voice assistant.Don't forget that you can control your home using it. ( lights, tv, coffee machines, electric hoover and much more)The only thing I didn't like much is that the Alexa Guard ability is only available in the U.S but not in the U.K.


  My son gave me this for my birthday. I am uncomfortable with new technology. Well! This particular piece of technology has opened my eyes. By preceding the name ‘Alexa’ I can find out the weather for a start. It seemed strange asking a ‘thing’ a question but I am getting used to it. But what I really love is that I can call up any music I like. I can request Alexa to alter the volume up or down as well. Instructions are obeyed immediately.


  A friend brought theirs round for new years eve and I thought it was brilliant, had all the music we needed to let the new year in.So easy to set up on phone app, and can request songs by asking alexa or using your phone.I was so impressed I bought one myself and got it for half price, what a deal.Would strongly recommend this for anyone who loves music of any kind. I give it 5 stars all the way.


  For the price this is a great little speaker, I was surprisingly impressed. The music quality is good for the size and output. It's made well and does not look cheap.I brought this as a gift for my father in law who loves gadgets and he is really impressed with it.There is so many accessories to buy and things to use on the speaker I dont think yet we've fully got to grips with it.


  Alexa is great, she is useful but maybe a bit too useful. She can pick up between mine and my husbands voices but sadly with my husbands accent she really struggles to understand him so certain things he asks she gives him something totally unrelated hahah Alexa playing music is great, the sound quality is good unfortunately again she doesn't listen when we request a song, she almost completely chooses her own song to play instead  but she is still nice to have around, we now have 2 of her


  I asked for this for Christmas, having already had the larger Echo in the kitchen.  I use this additional one in the bedroom, great for listening to music and being able to add to my shopping list without having to go downstairs! Sound quality is better than I expected - I think there has been an upgrade in the sound quality over the old Echo Dots, where the sound quality was usually found to be not so good.


  Living mostly in Cape Town I had read of this product for some years.... I have 4 Kindles. With my daughter visiting from Devon I ordered two for delivery to her..... We don't have it in S Africa.Easy to set up, quite startling is Alexa to us colonials.Brilliant in every respect.I also purchased an Internet Radio, maker Majority. Again not available and a truly excellent product.


  I was a bit skeptical but after being recommended decided to get one for myself.  And I love it!  Couldn't be without it.I love music but find it a hassle scrolling through the phone and finding the right song so invariable don't.  However now I play music constantly.  I have attached Spotify to the Echo Dot and simple say "Alexa play my list" and she does.  I have now set her up as an alarm in the mornings.  Everyday I am doing something new.  Amazon also send emails with hints and tips which I find really useful.


  These Dots are excellent value for money. I purchase them when they're on offer at £29. You can use them for music, including Spotify. I do not think that you should have to pay for the premium Spotify account to use it on Dot, so out of principle I cancelled mine and use Amazon music.A wide variety of skills allows you to get a lot of use out of this.If nothing really entices you, then at least use it as an alarm. It is excellent. The drop in and call function between the Alexa's is excellent. I can speak to my children everywhere in the house... and ear wig into their fighting.


  Not many products get 5 star ratings across the board from me BUT I love my echo dot! It sits on my bedside table and controls my lamp (important as I have to manoeuvre around the whole bed to get to my side, in the dark) Getting me out of bed in the morning is not an easy thing at all as I sleep through my alarms but with the ingenious routines setup, my Alexa wakes me up with the "Grand Tour" alarm, followed by my lamp turning on and then playing whatever song I have chosen! Never had an issue waking up since I bought this! My husband says it's a miracle device as he can't even bring me out of my slumber.


  Loving my new Alexa device. It's allowed me to have my lights run on smart sockets for security & is very useful in answering my questions/request. Love how I can just randomly add items to my shopping list. After losing my mum this year I've found living on my own tough but something as simple as Alexa's witty comebacks/facts/singing when I saw good morning/good night is making me smile.


  An interesting device which I've so far only used for playing music or turning the lights on and off. It cannot understand foreign languages and often struggles to understand English but I guess it's still work in progress.I was in two minds about getting this due to privacy issues but with careful placement in the home I think it shouldn't be a problem. It's also a good idea to check through the privacy settings when you first set it up.


  I bought the echo dot as a buddy for my other one.  I tried to connect and couldn't.  Spent a good month trying to connect it, got the orange light blah, blah, blah but it would not connect to the internet.  Thankfully on line found a few options, the most important one being "Update your software for Alexa", as soon as I did this away mini Alexa took off.  The sound is good for such a little buddy.  I have originally only paid for the £3.99 for great music including albums etc. but this will only work on one appliance.  I have now decided to add prime as an addition, mainly because I would like to buy another echo dot.  On the whole I didn't find Amazon Alexa much help with regard to any problems.


  I mostly decided to buy this device on a whim because it was on sale, but now I have been sucked in by all the possibilities that having an Alexa smart device has opened up. Which is particularly sad for my wallet as I now have a list of Smart of devices I plan to buy to maximise my use of the Alexa assistant framework haha.With just this devise (and the smart bulbs that came with): I use it as my bedtime ambient noise generator & Alarm in the Morning. I use it to organise my calender and remind me of meetings, to give me news briefings, to turn off & on my lights, to listen to my books and audiobooks, to play silly quiz games, to do maths equations and answers random questions. All this and I still feel like I'm underutilising what is possible.The only major downside is that the speaker on this thing is average at best but for how cheap and small it is, it's still better than you'd expect.All in all, I would recommend even to people who thought that smart Home devices were a pointless frivolity like me before I bought this.


  Bought the dot for my daughters room so she could control her lights, she was impressed by the quality of the sound using Spotify. Being lazy she loves the fact it can be used as a two way communication device with our other echos it's well worth the promotion price £25-£30 not sure it's worth the full price especially as you can get a much better featured echo show 5 for very little extra.


  I now have 4 Alexa enabled devices (2 Dots, 2 Echos) and all of them are fantastic.I really really surprised from the sound quality of the Dot when playing music, I mainly bought it so I could voice control my Hive devices, but have actually been using it to listen to music and have been surprised. I rarely have an issue with the voice recognition, it picks both me and my husband up fine, and I love the size of the Dot - it’s very much hidden away.


  Was given this as a birthday present and found it surprisingly useful. Not difficult to configure using the app. Obviously points you towards other Amazon goods and services, particularly Prime membership, but works equally well without. (I use Spotify Premium on a three month trial offer) Like any other computer it will do as much, or as little, as you want it to do. Yes, you can control your sound system, lighting, heating, home security and even your fridge, kettle and cooker IF you have Alexa compatible appliances. But it's quite happy to sit there play your music, work as a bluetooth speaker and connect to your phone for calls, texts and reminders  if you want it to. A handy little gadget, a fun thing to play with and a powerful voice-activated computer all in one.


  bought this when it was on offer, I now have four different models in the house and recommend the system to anyone. If you wait until the item you require is on offer they are a must-have item. I use the system constantly and for many varying functions, alarms, timers, weather reports, turning on and of "stuff" news and many more things, it even helps me get to sleep when I cant relax.


  For it's size, the echo dot is quite powerful with a great sound. I like the fact you can tuck it to one side in the living room and it's not in your face or an overpowering object. On the downside, if you ask it to play a certain track/song, it will tell you that you have to subscribe to the monthly music package. However, it will play you songs similar to genre to the one you asked for, but that will change when I start to subscribe.


  Got this to put in my daughters room, she’s 4 and we weren’t sure if it would understand her fully but Alexa has recognised everything she has said. We have several around the house and have done for years and they have always been brilliant. The sound quality is great for the size speaker and does its job but If you want better sound then I suggest getting an echo. The sound level and quality is outstanding.


  Already had one of these but this second one was free with a British Gas promotion.What can I say that has not already been said? I love it and am sure I do not use it to its full potential.Love that it plays my Audible books and music and it’s really great for setting reminders.  I never forget to take my medication now!


  I bought this product during sales and it’s probably the best value for money I will ever spend! As my parents already had one I was aware of the many qualities this offers and this of course was no different. I recommend to use full advantage of its great features, including personalised routines to make life more convenient. I am using this with smart plugs too and can’t fault the integration. Also using Amazon music with it and it’s flawless. Even at full price this is worth every penny and more, highly recommend!


  Easily my best electronic device in my whole home. I am totally into home automation and Alexa is my preferred choice of digital assistance given the ease with integrates with my whole smart home ecosystem and the creation of scenes. There is not a day that goes by where I have not asked Alexa to either switch on my lights, start a playlist on my Sonos or open the blinds... Only wish we had access to the same skills as those in the US.


  I bought this echo dot as a package with my fitbit versa 2. I didn't have any preconceived  ideas about the dot but was pleasantly surprised. The voice recognition is good  as is the Alexa integration. The cost of the dot is fantastic and represents great value for money. Having read some of the other reviews, I would agree that the sound quality could be better but for the price that is what  you might expect. Overall a great piece of gear for the money.


  I got this dot when Amazon had one of their sales, and as expected the delivery was next day to the locker requested without any issues. We use this in the kitchen and its great for the news and playing music whilst we prepare meals and or cleaning (boring I know). I have since got hold of some smart plugs so Alexa now controls the lamps around which is great as the lamp switch was a stretch to reach. Small issues I know. I will get another dot when the offers come around again.


  I was so pleased with my first Echo Dot (once I eventually got it set up with the help of an Amazon operative) that I decided to have another but was dreading the set up procedure. However, the set up was almost a simple plug and play set up. I just had to link it to my wi-fi and I was up and running. The Echo Dot is really good with superb sound quality and so much you can do with it, just great features.


  I was given one of these for Christmas by one of my daughters.  I would never have believed how useful it can be though at present I do not use it to its fullest extent, its great when you want to listen to any kind of music, need a weather forecast and many other things.  With special plugs it can even switch on my standard lamps and that is very useful to me personally.  Highly recommended.


  Great product, great price.The set up is logical but it took me two hours to finally get it going.The App seems to deploy various set up paths. I gave up at one stage but on return worked first time!Anyway once set up its great especially at the £24.99 price.4 months free music membership is good as it gives one an opportunity to decide if this is what is needed or not.Overall most impressed.


  From the word go Alexa and the echo dot are easy to instal and use. I have an echo also and a cube and they dont seem to bother each other in different rooms,  but alexa does seem to go to sleep on the cube in the late evening...maybe its my settings. Altogether a great product well worth the investment and even better when on offer.


  Got the dot for grandkids bedrooms.  I announce from my echo plus that dinner ready and it reaches all the rooms without me shouting.  Kids can communicate from one room to the other. Only thing is they keep pinching the music from each other as I turned off everywhere. And only got one music channel streaming.  Took a lot of playing around to get the desired effect but still learning - I enjoy technology so didn’t give up on setting up.  Needs more step by step instructions for the feint hearted.  Especially with the connecting to each other on the app. Not so straightforward needed tweaking.


  I love my Echo Dot! During the day I move it to the kitcjen where I work and play my Amazon Music playlists. At night I use it in the bedroom to play relaxing music to help me sleep. I use it mainly as a speaker but do occasionally use other commands mainly weather and traffic checks, shopping lists, timer and checking on my Amazon deliveries. Great little gadget. Decent sound quality too.


  I have a 2nd generation echo & the sound on this is so much rounder. Wouldn't use it as my main music system but great for listening in the kitchen or a bedroom.Installation was a doddle - unlike the other two slightly older "Alexas" that I own - switch on & connects automatically to our mesh system. Saved me from faffing about for ages!I bought it in November sale for £22 so it's a great buy.


  Theres not really anything to dislike- great value for money,and even better when a sale price. This was a gift for my uncle, and he managed to set it all up and loved that he could listen to his playlists.You sometimes have to be patient when trying to get a particular command through; but that's where skills will make her even better over time.Speaker not as good as in her big sisters( as to be expected);but still a good volume output-shouldnt need a 2nd speaker source. If you feel you may need a 2nd speaker source- buy a bigger echo


  Wasn't sure if this would just be another Bluetooth speaker so apprehensive to buy but so glad I did. Voice commands are excellent and even with a strong accent Alexa has no problem in understanding what I'm asking. I did sign up to Amazon music to allow me to play all the music I want to hear but I'd say this is pretty good value for money too. Still finding out all of Alexa's capabilities but so far have been extremely impressed. I'd also say the sound is good and volume decent for the size. Would definitely recommend especially if it's offer as it was when I made my purchase


  This is my second Echo Dot, bought it to put in my bedroom so that I can listen to musicIt's very easy to set up, need to download the Alexa app and sync it with that, it works with the WiFi and has so many uses, from listening to music, asking questions, jokes and writing a shopping list. I'd be lost without mine now


  Purchase 2 echos now and we are absolutley dotty about having twins, we have ordered 2 more so soon we will have quadruplets! Just love the way that you can use them as wireless speakers and play music all over the house and they sync together so easily. Oooh, nearly forgot… listening to an audio book in the car, asked Alexa to play my book later that evening and it carried on from where I left off - Well done Amazon can't fault the Echo Dot


  I love this Echo Dot! For such a small unobtrusive device the sound quality is amazing. It can hear my voice from most rooms downstairs & I've come to rely on the "hands free" request facility that the voice recognition gives you . The other big bonus is having my Audible books played easily & clearly. Absolutely love it & when they are on offer again I'll be buying another one to keep it company!


  I have added two Dots to my collection of four large echos, I enjoy having the four on a group all over the house playing at the same time. I have the dots in the bedrooms which are good for music and sounds to help you sleep like campfire sounds and seaside sounds etc. I have brought echos last year for my two daughters and again this year for Christmas. I have also got two Dots as Christmas boxes for friends as you can see am a fan. I would suggest that Black Friday you’ll get large and Dots cheaper than during the year.Enjoy.


  Alexa is great and better that the competitors for integration and functionality. I use mine with everything: Amazon, Sonos, Hive lights, scheduling, Music and more.. By far the best integration kit available. Sound quality has improved from earlier models. However.. There is still a "knowledge gap" when querying Alexa and the product which shall not be named on Amazon scores better in this regard alone.


  Really great, way more useful than I was expecting, sound requires some adjusting but speaker is good for its size, you can control the EQ with voice commands which is nice, had to boost the treble as it was quite muffed, but connecting with Apple Music and audible and being able to read my kindle books to me at voice command which works perfectly has made me a fan..did seem to have a fault in the first week where the speaker would become distorted after about an hour of play, after looking online seems it’s common with the model people suggest resting the router and since then it hasn’t occurred


  This is a great little device for controlling your electronic devices with Alexa. I use it to switch on and off the lights in my little home cinema setup. It also starts my projector and amplifier, and can switch inputs to various AV devices, as well as adjust sound volume. Works great.


  having purchase ALEXA we received the machine as promised by were never made aware of the understanding of the technical requirements needed to get it working.  We are extremely disappointed with Amazon for allowing this situation to confront us (we are in our 80's an dit caused us considerable stress) but fortunately our grandchildren were able to get her going!!!!  You have offered a 90 day free use of Amazon Musice and yet the machine offers only 30 days.  As a direct result of this mis-information we called Customer Services today to CANCEL any future involvement with music.  Please confirm.


  A great improvement on my original first gen echo dot - I'm currently torn between echo devices and Google as I originally had echo and then moved to Google after having some issues. It seems to be swings and roundabouts now though, as one seems to do some things better than the other and vice versa.For now, the echo devices are in the kids room so they can play the music they want when they want to!


  Just a word of advice take a look at the upcoming deals before purchasing, I didn't and missed out on the price going down by £20.00. Great little gadget, and so much easier to set up than the alexa 2nd generation (they're still more expensive than the dot too) great sound and goes anywhere, only downside is that if you have more than one alexa in your home they can't be played at the same time so you have to upgrade your account to £14.99 for them all to play at the same time.


  Brilliant bit of kit. Granted the sound quality is not as good as my Bose speaker but it’s not aimed at the same market and is a lot cheaper. I’m using it for music via Amazon Music (which is excellent) and radio in the kitchen at the moment. It’s set up to give me news, sports and I’ve set up a couple of regular reminders. All working really well. I’ve now bought another Echo Dot for another room as I’ve been so impressed with it. I’ve also just bought some WiFi plugs to control some lamps around the house which is working really well with Alexa. I’d highly recommend anyone to get one if you think your could use an assistant OR you’re looking for a speaker to stream music, this would do it all for you.


  I got this on offer and I love it. The 2nd generation dot I previously had was ok but not good for playing music through.  This is a big improvement. The bass is stronger.  Its probably slightly better for voice recognition, although I never really had a problem with the older dot in that way. It looks more stylish than the previous one. I would definitely recommend this if you are looking for a small wifi speaker with the added voice assitant tech.


  My daughter loves her dot! Plum matches the colour of her wallpaper. She uses it to listen to music and the news in her spare time, and also to listen to podcasts while she is studying. It works nicely alongside our Ring doorbell. She can communicate with me through our Fire TV stick which is fun and saves us having to communicate via phone for the simplest of things! She tends to have the volume on 4 at most, and the sound quality is exceptional!Although, she has trouble using Alexa to play the older podcast episodes. If she is catching up on a podcast and asks Alexa to play from a particular episode, it doesn't work, so she has to play it manually from Spotify. Still giving it 5 stars as it's not much of a bother for her. Her uni work is now online, so she may purchase another one for her study room :)


  This is now our third purchase of the dot as we love them so much, we have one in each of the kids rooms and one in the living room. They are mostly used for music and when on offer, cheaper than a radio and easier to control so perfect for that alone. When you add all the other features in they are such a good buy, from reading the kids a bedtime story if they're struggling to sleep (after the copious stories we've already read them!) to checking the weather forecast, to playing games and listening to the news. I highly recommend.


  Simple set-up over wifi. Used mainly for playing music. Being a metal fan of ageing years I didn't think it would be up to much other than a bit of quiet stuff but it is quite noisy for the size and I can clearly hear the wife's annoying taste in music from a different room in the house. Despite having "piped" music in the kitchen via amp and speaker set up (hard wired and bluetooth) I have found the convenience of this little machine means it's taken over at food prep time. £25 bargain.


  Bought this as a half price offer as I thought it would be a replacement for my old speaker and I was right, but it’s so much more. I find different things to use it for everyday. I also signed up for Amazon unlimited music which is brilliant, I have made some playlists, great for easy listening and helping to make housework more enjoyable. Last night it was my alarm clock, a timer for my cooker, it reads my receipe  when I cook and makes my shopping list! I can see that there’s so much more, will tell you what the weather is when you travel and the road conditions, it goes on and on. Would I buy another one? Yes definitely.


  We were at a home where there was an Alexa device and we asked it to play music etc and it tickled our fancy . I bought the Echo Dot the next day but could not download the app on 2 devices  ,  and on another 2 devices it downloaded but would not play or connect . Eventually I called the helpline and was sent a link to the app for my desktop computer and all went swimmingly from then on . Now Alexa plays music , tells us the time and weather and is a source of amusement . There is a lot more that can be done but that will be in the future .


  I received my Echo a little under two weeks ago and I wish I had known ages ago that a prime account wasn't required (I always thought it was ^^;)Easy, fast set up (literally it took less than ten minutes and only that because I was waiting for Alexa to prompt me about connecting to my wi-fi, whereas she was waiting for me ), she found my smart plug in no time and she has been absolutely invaluable since.Voice recognition is brilliant, even with my strong Scots accent and gravel tones in the morning, very unobtrusive, sound quality is excellent. 10/10 would recommend.


  So much better than the gen 2 edition. High quality speaker. It’s a bit bigger than ed 2 but it packs a punch. Alexa easily recognizes my commands from across the room,even with others talking or the tv being on. The speaker/volume/base smashes the ed 2. I love listening to my music (I link with my Spotify account) and the sound quality is great. Much better than most small Bluetooth devices. I definitely recommend this edition of Alexa echo


  Well were do I start, I already have an  Alexa in the lounge which I pay £3.99 per month for music, I foolishly  thought  that my new Alexa dot which I had as a Christmas present would go in the kitchen and play music as Well,  not so I was told by Alexa that if I wanted to play music on the dot I would have to pay more money. It appears that one amount only covers one Alexa, doesn't seem right as I am only listening to one or the other, if I have got at all wrong maybe someone can tell me, The reason I gave the dot 5 stars is that it's a good quality item with good quality sound but only if I pay


  I bought this as an anniversary gift to my husband & myself .The “dot” is so discreet we have it in our lounge . The sound is incredible from such a small appliance .I already had music in my hobby room, we have Sonos in the kitchen .This handy little “dot” can be easily transported, discretely placed & plugged in wherever we like


  Got this free with hive installation and almost didn’t bother as i wasn’t Interested . So happy I did. Great bit of kit. Turn heating on by asking ( although you have to firstly ask Alexa to open hive, bit long winded but you get used to it. ) I even set up a few light bulbs to connect to system and linked existing Sonos speaker to play when asked. You can also use speaker to play music but only by asking. There doesn’t seem a way to play from phone device just link to whatever music service you use. Apple or amazon etc overall I’d buy another dot for another room just to expand system as I find it that useful and I’m sure there’s more I could do with it.


  I got this for £39.99 and it’s been invaluable especially as I’m both very scatty and a technophobe, I’ve got Alexa doing everything from telling me the weather to reminding me weekly to take a meter reading and my granddaughter loves to ask Alexa fun things or to make random animal sounds to drive the dog crazy. Great price for a great addition to my house!


  Am not a very techie person so was a little concerned I may not be able to set it up right. However the instructions were straightforward and we were away! Have enjoyed using this Echo Dot (it was a gift) and really glad I have got it. I use the timer, listen to music, get news and weather updates and listen to pod casts - all in all a great peice of equipment. I know there are lots more things it can do and I will explore these as time passes. Have not subscribed to Amazon Music Unlimited yet as the selections played for free are great and the adverts are few and far between and they don't annoy me - a pleasant surprise!


  I have the old echo dot which has given me a lot of entertainment with music and audible, but this new echo dot is a great improvement, better quality sound, easy set up. And a brilliant design which fits in anywhere I would recommend this product to anybody who likes to be entertained, it is also very useful for its skills and shopping.


  Always wondered if these were any good. My son bought me one for Christmas and I love it. I have added some wifi bulbs, set to timer, added a LED lights trip to the rear of the TV and say a few words and my light configuration changes. I can easily see that my Amazon Alexa add-on products will grow considerably over time. I have just purchased another 1 and about to buy another for my young son as he likes to listen to relaxing music at bedtime.


  Alexa sometimes just starts randomly talking other than that it works perfectly. This only happens in our living room which is our noisiest room. We use the dot frequently to listen to podcasts, radio, audio books and music. I'm a prime member and we have no other subscriptions. These are perfect for us. Wr currently have 3 but i expect to buy another for my dad's room soon.


  Fantastic product, easy to set up and use.I call my family on it, set alarms and reminders.This is amazingly useful as I have a disability which sometimes it’s difficult for me to do things therefore I’ve set up various compatible items such as light bulbs which has made my life that little bit easier as I just ask Alexa turn lights off/on or dim.I definitely will be adding more products to my Alexa. They are a fantastic item to have.


  Much better sound quality compared to the eco dot 1st generation.I put this one in the kitchen instead of our dot 1st gen that was connected to an external speaker because that wasn't as good for volume and quality.I was very pleasantly surprised on how much better the sound quality is.It's louder and has more base compared to our original dots 1st generation (we have 3 around the house).


  I got the Echo Dot free with a Ring video doorbell and its ace!I have limited mobility and have hooked it up to my phone so I can make hands free calls from it should I have a fall or need a hand.I've also linked it to my Hive thermostat and light bulbs so I can control lights and heating by voice.The sound from it is amazing bearing in mind the price and size of it (even better if you have Prime Music).The microphone is a lot better than I expected, if the house is quiet it'll recognise me from anywhere in the house even with the doors closed.Really recommend this


  First time having the Echo and the Echo dots. It is awesome I love winding the kids up. First thing in the morning to wake them up input on the most annoying song in the world to set them up for the day. Let me tell you that song definitely gets on your nerves. Kids get laughing ....for now. Endless fun for our younger daughter too who keeps asking it to fart who knew there were so many types of fart.


  Got this for xmas present from my son, who knows I am not a "Tech man". Plugged it in, set it up, started using it. Brilliant sound quality ( I was a bit concerned because of the size!! ) plays any music you ask for ( if you sign up to Amazon Prime ) from the 40's to today. Ask Alexa a question like " How far is Brighton from here", and she will tell you. You younger people out there will love it.


  Because it's the only available plug, I have my Echo Dot fairly close to my TV, so it doesn't always hear me if the television is on, but that's my fault. Also, in spite of voice training my Dot, it does sometimes get activated by the TV audio. My Dot is new, so for it to sometimes respond randomly to my TV is quite amusing at the moment, however I think it will be annoying in the long term, so I'm definitely going to position it elsewhere in the room.


  I was a bit unsure about getting one of these having never used one before, but got it as a gift because it had been reduced.I didn't know that it needs a certain amount of 'training' vi's the app to get it to do what you want, but so far I can't find fault with it. We've played games and quizzes with it, used it as a timer, made a list and played music and so far so good. It taking a while to remember to use it rather than typing on my phone but up to now I'd say its a really useful little gadget!


  Neat product for the price. Sound quality is excellent and has lots of handy features. I use mine in the morning as an alarm clock, to give me the news and weather and play the radio/music. The integration is a bit limited in some areas. I would have liked to have got things like train times on it. It won't work with all service, for example Google music so with checking before you buy it.


  I have just bought a third Echo dot. I am using them as an internal call monitor. My husband has Parkinson’s and, if he gets in trouble anywhere in the house, he can 'drop in' and speak to me. Equally, if I am upstairs say, I can 'drop in' and make sure he is ok. It is a God send! Plus it has lots of other features we can use.


  This is the second (third gen) Echo Dot I have bought and they are amazing pieces of kit and work to an amazing level of intuitively.The first one as a bedside radio/clock mainly listening to speech, using the Alexa App you can adjust the sound settings (bass, mid range, treble) to optimise speech reception.The second one I use mainly for listening to music in another room and again you can adjust the sound controls to  optimise for music.I hadn't realised that to listen to a choice of music you need a Music Streaming Service, which I didn't have. So I have signed up to Amazon Music Unlimited, single device for only £3.99 a month, which has 5million choices of music and I haven't been able to defeat it yet.But even if you don't want to optimise for music or speech, as supplied the sound quality of Echo Dot is outstanding.


  The third generation Echo Dot is a lovely speaker. For the price it is a very good deal. The it is weighty which to me implies a quality product. Also, being the third generation, one might well assume that any particular problems with previous models have been ironed out and improved upon. I would certainly have no hesitation in recommending this little marvel to anyone who might be hesitating themselves.


  Really good sound quality, we have 2 one upstairs and one downstairs, be aware that you cant play different Amazon music on each one at the same time without upgrading the amazon music account! This is £14.99 a month.Useful for shopping lists when you're cooking and run out of something! Just say "Alexa add tomatoes to my shopping list"Good voice recognition, we also the drop in function, so you can call one Dot from the other or via the app.


  We had this brought for us for Christmas it is very good it plays the music you like if you won’t to get up early you just say when you won’t to get up and it wakes you up it is handy for when you make a appointment you just ask it to remind you and it does wouldn’t be with out it plus you can make a shopping list and it will remind you and you can also do your shopping on amazon great


  Very happy. Being decidedly non techy I was worried I'd have problems getting it all set up. It couldn't have been easier. Music and answers in tap - and my personal favourite is adding items to my shopping list as and when I discover I need something, or something's run out - so nothing's forgotten and everything's there on my phone when I'm out at the shops. Genius 


  This is now the 3rd one we have purchased to ensure we have as much coverage around the house as possible. Although we don't use them to the full extent that we could we choose to mainly use them for the home automation aspect and also to put some music on for the kids when they want to dance around the living room like lunatics!


  Really surprised at how good Alexa is. I got a free Echo Plus on a promotion from my ISP and with these Echo Dots enjoy music through the whole house (you should be aware that for multi-room music you need more than the Basic Amazon Music package).I'm sure there's a lot about Alexa I'm not fully using, but I had no interest and only have it now because the first was free but now I use it a lot.


  I already own three 2nd generation Dots, all of which are connected to more powerful speakers.  I bought the new Dot to use alone as a bedside speaker/alarm clock.  Apart from the improved appearance, which gives the new Dot a more quality look, the sound is considerably improved, and is perfectly satisfactory for the use that it is put to.  I also think that voice recognition ha improved, particularly at a distance, though this may be due to the continual improvements in software.  As usual, there were no problems in integration with the existing network.


  Great product to have round the house.If you're one of those people who doesn't like the idea of Alexa listening all the time, its very easy to just turn the microphone off, which still allows you to have a smart how through the use of timers and app triggers.Alexa is a great assistant for around the house. Better still, we have one of the Echo Show's at my grandparents house so we drop in or vice versa, which has been great especially during the UK lockdown.


  I am newly disabled and have always liked technology so I now have three dots I turn all my lights on and off,my tv my Dyson heater my air mattres my sockets I have a nighttime routine set up to turn everything in one room off and turn on lights and mattress in another add to that it turns the bed side light when and tells me the time when asked also the weather and a host of other things I would highly recommend for able bodied or disabled


  Possible reduction in Alexa's ability to hear ( I do have to repeat commands sometimes) but may be due to socket attachment device.Initially I placed under kitchen cupboards and sound wasn't as good as placing directly on the work surface (place on an empty wooden box eg wine box and it has an even better fuller sound). However, when I placed in socket with no overhead interference, the sound was superb, better than my full Echo in lounge.


  The devise itself is great, I would like to link it to Youtube so it would play the audio books and plays on there too.If having bought this you have trouble with getting Prime on your TV ..the help desk is useless you will spend an hour talking/texting someone who doesn't know what they are talking about. I sorted my connection problem our myself. Asking her to read a book is hilarious!! she starts literally at the beginning, including the IBN number and reads out all the chapters. Chapter 1...Chapter 2 and on and on.


  Only recently introduced to Alexa with this Echo Dot (3rd Generation) and I couldn't be happier! Very impressive sound quality, considering the neatly sized speaker with access to so much music and information. In a multi-generational household, ranging from early twenties to an eighty-year-old, we have all found Alexa, not only, useful but entertaining! From listening to our favourite albums or the radio, asking football results and general knowledge questions,  we've even timed our cooking with the handy reminder facility. Love it so much, I've purchased several for different rooms of the house ... we can now announce dinner's ready and Alexa informs everyone.  Highly recommend this product.


  We bought the Echo Dot as a Christmas present, but tested it out prior to Christmas and decided we wanted to keep it So we had to buy a second one for our son for Christmas.So easy to set up and use, we were prime members so had Amazon music with out prime subscription, but this has ended now so we have paid the 99p for 3 months use of Amazon Music.You need to have this to play music or Spotify can be linked to your Account.


  The perfect first Smart Assistant, but also a perfect add on!Amazing audio quality, from such a small & inexpensive device!Looks great anywhere, but the choice of colours means you can find a Dot to suit your own space.The voice recognition is fantastic, and seems to be improving over time.Echo’s responses are always clear, and there’s a lot of customisable settings, through the Alexa app!A great way to start or enhance your Smart Home.


  I bought this for one of the spare rooms. My family stayed over the Christmas period and made great use of it. I do have the echo in my kitchen so I know what it’s all about but I previously avoided buying the dot before because I thought the sound wouldn’t be good. Not so...it’s perfect and I’m very glad I bought it. I will be ditching my radios and have these in every room. Great product.


  After buying an Amazon Echo, this is our second Dot purchase . The sound quality is excellent, the newer Dot is a big improvement on the original one. I use the 2nd Dot in my kitchen, so great for setting cooking timers, reminders and being able to use voice control to listen to the radio or music, especially when you're cooking, and might have hands covered in flour etc. We've a Philips Hub and bulbs, so voice control turns our lighting on/off/done etc.


  It took a long time to get around to buying this Echo dot as i didn't think i'd have to use for one but now i've got it i love it.It look a while to set up as having downloaded the app on my phone i still couldn't get the echo to connect to the internet but eventually it did after turning off my hub for a while and then switching it back on.  Might be useful to know for anybody else struggling.My daughter has now bought one too as she loves mine.  Would recommend.


  Perfect for a quiet environment like a bedroom where you do not need the booming sound of the EchoThe dot isn't the loudest thing in the world, the music and sound quality is good but do not expect booming loudBass settings etc. can be managed from the Alexa appI bought the Plum version which looks beautiful.


  Really good when you get it all set up, I have alexa tell me the weather and news as I am getting ready for work, used to have an alarm its really good. I am surprised at how useful it actually is I waited to see what would happen with them before I bought it along with doing pleanty of research so handy when I think of something for shopping for alexa to just add it to my list thats on my phone!


  Love these dots!  I've paired them with my Echo. Love that I can play music in all rooms that I have a device or tell it to only play music on selected devices. I mostly only use Alexa and the echo/dots for music, news, weather and turning on the lights (used with a smart plug). Works best with any Amazon based service such as Audible, shopping or Prime music. Great sound quality, sturdy build and attractive. One drawback is that they have to be permanently plugged in, so they are not wireless.


  Amazed that you don't have to shout like everyone does when you let them have a go, also easy to connect to a Bluetooth speaker, however the speaker on the Echo Dot 3rd Gen is very good.Love getting my briefing in the morning with Sky News & Sky Sport even got it to play Smooth North West so unless I ask for a different station it will always play the last used station.  Finally I connected it with Hive so easy just to ask Alexa to turn up the heating, switch on the lights, quicker than grabbing my phone and opening up the app.Well pleased with my echo dot


  Once upon a time I though why wud you have one of these devices just couldn’t imagine having one. Since seeing ppl I know with them and what u can do with them I bought two. And have to say it’s made life with teenagers much easier as I can drop in on my daughters Alexa instead of shouting up the stairs. I can list stuff I need to buy and I no longer need a radio just ask Alexa to play what ever. Boom music round the house.


  The Alexa is easy to set up using a any smartphone or tablet that has iOS or android. The voice recognition works 90% of the time, the other 10% is if it's playing music u may need to raise your voice to be heard.Overall I would say they are absolutely excellent and the echo dot is perfect for bedrooms and is surprising ly loud, punchy, crisp & clear for such a little device.Very impressed it's subtle aswell so can be placed almost anywhere


  My husband has been asking for an Alexa, we decided to buy him one for Father’s Day. Since then it has no longer been his it has been all of ours. Alexa has been a great addition to the household, my five-year-old loves to demand music whenever she can. We are looking forward to seeing what else you can do! purchased Alexa


  The amazon Alexa echo dot 3 is a device fit for purpose. If your purpose involves turning your home into a smart one then this will work excellently, integrated with several other devices of course. As a stand alone product, the speakers are very loud and dialogue very coherent. The device is very good recognising what I am saying and rarely makes mistakes. The range of skills that you can add as extra make sure the device is fit for several purposes. However, 1 device for the household is not enough to integrate into a smart home. Also, the fact it is not portable means access to several plugs is necessary. All in all, its an excellent product and would recommend for sure.


  Love for the timer, music whilst cooking and not forgetting all the games you can play.Alexa sings nursery rhymes for my two year old and he loves interacting with her.Even simple things like asking the date when at refrigerator to make sure all food okay.I purchased two as one was a gift for xmas and recipients also extremely pleased.Music and movie quiz are favourites at my house 


  How did I ever live without it? I use it every day. It's like having someone else in the house. Great music but so much more. I use it to keep my diary and to maintain a running shopping list. I use it to check spelling and to access information on the web. It will tell jokes, stories, poems, etc. and there are many facilities I haven't yet explored. This is a great machine.....and so polite.


  I am amazed at the sound this little device can produce, it literally fills the room. I was initially wary of these voice controlsystems, past experience led me to expect poor voice recognition and systems which only work if you  speak in certain ways. Alexa can pick up your voice through Led Zep at full tilt,. admittedly you need to raise you voice somewhat above speaking level if you have something playing already, but I am well impressed by this 3rd gen model.


  I've been thinking about purchasing one of these for ages - wish I hadn't waited so long! I can't rave about it enough. The product itself looks classy and it's really well made with a good weight to it. The sound is excellent, really clear and crisp and maximum volume easily fills a large room. Voice recognition is brilliant and you can do so much - you can even play group quizzes which are great fun! I would highly recommend this item to anyone of any age!


  Brilliant!  I love my dotty.  Does exactly what you would expect her to do.Easy to set up and install. (still can't add contacts but that's neither her nor there tbh).I would love it if a search engine could be added.  It would make my life in the kitchen easier when searching for a new twist on boring food!Love the whisper function too...Recommend 100%


  Firstly we're complete technophobes but with the help of a friend we got the Echo Dot set up in minutes. Having got rid of our music system from the kitchen a few years ago its now fantastic to be able to listen to the local radio station!!!! We aren't using the Echo Dot to its full advantage but we'll get there. The sound quality is really good for such a small device and I've got it connected to a blue tooth speaker and that sounds amazing. Really pleased we got one!!!!


  This is a fantastic product. We absolutely love it. Being able to send an announcement whether at home or away I'd fun and useful. We've so far used it to check for journey times, traffic updates, weather, to play music and games. I can't believe we went so long without one. We were a bit freaked out when Alexa announced that she could hear us though... Apparently she's always listening 


  I am an octogenarian and this device was bought for me by my grandsons who said it would be a help for me which I found to be true. I like listening to the radio and Alexa changes stations for me at my request, tells me the time ,weather the latest score of my football team all from the comfort of my armchair. Alexa’s dulcet Voice is also a pleasant attribute to keep me company in my doltage


  I’m so pleased with my Echo Dot - as it’s so small, I take it around the house and plug it in wherever I am, even though the sound is good and strong enough to travel.  I haven’t taken it away with me yet so am not sure how straightforward it’ll be to connect.It’s quite amazing what Alexa can respond to...so she’s excused when she occasionally can’t find a specific song or artist (despite the fact Amazon has such an extensive music catalogue).


  Bought it as a replacement for my iPod and dock.The sound volume is easily on par, so I'm pleased.You also get the radio and podcast benefits.For a kitchen radio it's awesome, and can be controlled via the app rather than voice if desired.Personally I'm not interested in home automation or any of that stuff so after use it's unplugged and always on mute.


  You must be able to access the internet and use the Alexa app to control this device. It has decent sound, handy for setting alarms and reminders, listening to music and asking dumb questions like what is the meaning of life?. Just make sure to disable voice shopping in case of children, African Grey parrots or your fellow idiots who want to prank you by ordering dumb items.


  Really pleased with my Echo Dot!!! I'd read a lot of negative reviews about the sound quality not being loud enough, but it's absolutely fine. I never need it on the loudest setting & it's in my large living room, where I can still hear music clearly from other rooms. I mainly use it to listen to music whilst cooking, or doing housework & find the sound quality perfect! Love the versatility of this device, I often think of something I need from the shops which I just ask Alexa to add to my shopping list . There's so much you can do when the echo dot, if you're not sure, just go for it, you won't be disappointed!


  What an incredible device. Bought as a present from our daughter who has had a similar (larger) version. Ordinarily we would not have bought it ourselves as we thought we would not need it - BUT now we have it is remarkable bit of kit. So easy to use and provides access to anything you would want to know. Astonishingly Brilliant.


  Can't get enough of the Echo Dot. Have bought a few. The product brings together everything - purchased music, radio (internationally in many cases), streaming services like Prime Music, and even reads Kindle books aloud. It would be difficult to ask for more. (Amazon will think of something).The addition of a visual clock is a novelty feature instead of a "must have"; given that you could just ask Alexa for the time - still, no complaints.


  Didn't think I would get much use out of this. We now have an echo plus and another dot and we will probably end up with dots around the house.There is plenty to discover and do and it can really help with reminders, todo lists, timers, news, calculating converting, games and of course music. You don't need a music subscription as there are plenty of radio options that can be added to it.Plenty to do with it


  We weren’t convinced we wanted or needed an Amazon Echo Dot or any other kind but having got one for free after buying some new smart home equipment I have to admit it’s very good.From getting a run down of the news in a morning to being able to ask for your favourite songs whilst cooking or even letting your niece loose with it and keeping her entertained.We are so impressed we’re looking to get extra devices for other rooms.


  What an awesome piece of kit!I was wary at first. I didn’t know why to expect from this baby, but it has great sound quality, and it is very clever.It was Sunday morning. I had a hangover and was trying to cook a fry up to ease the pain in my head. I said “Alexa, play me something chilled for a hungover Sunday morning”She proceeded to play a Sunday chilled rock anthems play list, and my day got better instantly.Awesome.


  Great little item. We wanted something for the kitchen to listen to music and use as a timer etc. This fits the bill perfectly. I was a little dubious as to what the sound quality would be like but I was pleasantly surprised with the quality from the 3rd gen model. Its not the same quality sound that you would get from a quality speaker, but to be honest it would be wrong to expect that from this type of device at this price. For the size and price the sound quality it is more than acceptable.


  This is great, the device is chic and sits discrete.  I like it better than an alarm clock, better than a dictionary and it actually keeps the kids entertained too.  Its so easy to use, download the app, plug in and away you go.  I like it so much i want all the other links, like turn on the heating, turn on the lights, show me the camera.  I was not into all these gadgets for a long time but now i cant get enough.


  As a Prime Member I am so pleased that I can take advantage of some "perks".  The films are not the kind I like but I am happy with the music I can download and that Alexa will play for me.  it's great to just be sitting there doing something else and simply have to ask Alexa the time and to play some music I like.  I am sure I shall get to know more features when I have read the book I have bought about Alexa.  It's fun and I enjoy it!!!


  This neat little gadget packs a surprisingly good sound quality.  Its easy to use, sits out of sight but is there when required.  I use the Alexa on it to set a timer when I'm cooking, tell me the weather forecast and keep a shopping list on the go for me plus I listen to music and the radio on it - it provides much better listening quality than my dab radio.  Tempted to buy another for a different room.....


  Bought Alexa to all of its functions. It does everything it says it does. Recognise voice, add products to shopping lists.I am originally from Romania and from time to time I like to listen to Romanian radios. Alexa is capable to find them and connect to them. The sound is very good and it can get quite high volume for such a small device. I found only one minus. Let’s say you hear a song and you want it to listen it louder but the next song you don’t want to listen as loud as the previous one. To turn the volume down by asking Alexa to do so, you have to repeat every time “Alexa turn it down” as many times as necessary untill the volume is the one you want. Not unless you do it manually, by pressing the volume buttons. Otherwise than that so far I find Alexa very useful, including to inform me when my Amazon parcel are arriving, if I ask her about them.What we haven’t done yet is to buy the smart plug ins, compatible with Echo Dot but they are next on our list.Very pleased and the price was absolutely very cheap for everything what it can do.And Amazon prime is not even mandatory!


  I bought this because it was on offer thinking it's too much of a bargain not to and i'd probably not use it. It arrived and  We use it everyday! From playing music on demand to setting handy timers when cooking. The kids have found the ask Santa feature particularly fun. I love that it's small but sounds pretty good. My cd player is now redundant and now there's no need for me to keep the 100's of CDs cluttering up the living room because Alexa can play it in an instant! Definitely recommend!


  I love the new one it is so it superior than the first generation one I have but it's a good one as well I thought it for a few years now and I loved it as well but this one is far far more superior the sound quality is fantastic intelligence of it is fantastic I will get an other one soon then I will have one in every room.  And my little granddaughter has one too and she loves her thank you for designing and upgrading the eco dot  Amazon can't wait till you give more command's for them all.


  Had one of these when they first came out and it understood my mild Welsh accent about 20% of the time but is now up to 90% recognition with this 3rd generation, which is a big improvement and am happy that I can use my Amazon Music HD subscription that my Google Home Mini "childishly" refuses to integrate with (although both companies and Apple are guilty of this kind of behaviour, to be fair).Especially pleasing, is being able to use a pair in stereo mode as a bedroom hifi system. Recommended.


  Got this for my 15 year old for Christmas.The alarm is useful as nothing and I mean nothing wakes him.So when Jeremy Clarkson bellows 'WAKE UP!' at 06.30 the device not only wakes him, but me and the next door neighbours hahaa.Good for music too.Sometimes he has to repeat the instruction, voice recognition plays up at times but on the whole it's all good. My daughter brought one at Easter as a result.It's been a well utilised gift.


  I love it. The only VERY annoying thing is that it turns itself off due to no activity after a very short period of time!! So if I leave it playing when I’m out walking some of my dogs, it’s turned itself off by time I’m back (within an hour) which is annoying as I leave on for background noise for dogs still in the house!


  We bought this as a replacement for a DAB radio that stopped working. I can say that it has been one of the best purchases we have made. It's mainly used to listen to the radio  and other catch up services from the BBC. Despite other reviews the broadcast is in DAB. The sound quality is excellent and can  be adjusted to suit your preference.So an absolutely excellent device and highly recommended and looking forward to discovering its many other uses


  My second purchase of this device they have a outstanding sound quality one of the best investments I’ve ever made. I love it so brought this one for the bedroom and it’s great there is so many accessories you can buy to add to the Alexa dot 3. This small device beats the days of the HI FI systems and takes a fraction of the space. Value for money all day long.


  I won a black one at work....  it is in the spare bedroom.  and use it all the time while getting ready.I purchased a second one for my bedroom and listen to spa music at night as I am a really poor sleeper.  I don't have it blasting and have turned down the base as it is only for background music.  but I love it and the added plus is asking it to turn off after a couple of hours.  its perfect for me.  I am waiting for another offer as I am thinking of one for the living room too!!why not....  :)


  Definitely worth it for use with smart home products. Alexa recognises my voice around 9/10 times it is annoying when it doesn’t recognise your voice but that’s to be expected with most voice recognition things. The sound quality is great for Alexas responses and gets loud enough but it does sound awful for listening to music but I don’t think anyone buying this is planning to use it for music so won’t dock a star for that. If you are going to buy it I would strongly recommend getting smart lights or other smart home things with it to get the best use out of it.


  i love this product as i have an other one in the living room. bought this for bedroom in general and fits perfect for size and sound. i can set the alarm and leave the phone somewhere else. i can dim the lights and put a timer on to be woken up and the lights to come and, it tells me the weather, news and preps me for the traffic whilst getting ready before im off to work. great product.


  After finally getting this to work as i already have a 2nd generation i bought 2yrs ago on black friday i did the same with the dot but could not connect my mates son did it for me BUT i feel ripped off WHY bexause i already pay £4 per month for amazon music & to be able to listen to whatever i like i will have to take out another amazon music so will end up paying £8 per month so for now all i can do is play my music which is all the cds i have bought from amazon which are in my liberay ITS A BLOODY LIBERTY


   I absolutely love this gadget, I bought the dot to save moving the downstairs one up at night!I’ve tried everything to make my toddler sleepAnd at 28 months old he’s finally slept through!All because of the baby lullaby’s being played in the room Other than that priceless act of witchcraft that it’s achieved with my toddler, it’s actually pretty cool I have no idea why I didn’t have one ages ago!Fab gadget


  Particularly good value as I bought it for 34.99 from John Lewis, reduced! I had been toying with the idea of a smart speaker and the special deal made my decision!I love it, managed to set up without help using the Alexa App which I downloaded to my phone and iPadThink I will get an auxiliary speaker in time but still learning to take advantage of all the options availableGreat addition to my life!


  The best thing ever I could do, is to buy Alexa. It's so handy, so fun as well as Alexa can make you laugh, I feel safer as have the SOS app connected to her, have our routines etc. Everyday I discover something new about Alexa's skills. The sound this we thing can do... unbelievable considering how small it is. Just love it, and actually considering to buy another one for my bedroom


  I have been a Apple customer with products for years, slowly moving over with all the house hold smart speak system through Alexa/Ecco. They are not working in conjunction with each other like I hope but I’m guessing I’ll get there. Currently using them in three rooms of the house. If I was amazon I would develop a light build within the device, not bright enough to light the room up just enough to light a dark room up while your find your bearings.


  Bought this for my parents as I already have several and thought they might find it useful.  It's a lot heftier than the earlier versions and the speaker is a good bit better too.  They were quite impressed with the build and sound quality and are starting to use it mainly as a music player and also for calling my sister and myself.  They're now looking to buy one for my Gran so she can benefit too, which is high praise indeed.


  I inherited an Echo Dot and use it predominantly for playing music. It's particularly useful because it's hands-free and the quality of sound is good from such a small device. It is more versatile than my use but not explored that functionality (details elsewhere. However, I was so impressed I bought 2 more as gifts.


  Can’t recommend this gadget enough,it’s literally amazing for music around the house with great sound quality for such little thing ,I love the voice control, it’s ace ,looked on YouTube for some tips on using it and it turned out that it do way more than just listening to music ,I think this is my best purchase lately.


  Wasn't gonna get one for security reasons but I find her fun to play with, I only let her know what I want her to know. She helps me to remember thinks. Just a Pity Amazon put a purchase ban on her I couldn't buy one for my son so I gave him mine. I had mine set up so if I had a fall as I do at times, if I shouted her she could message someone or ring or leave a message on their Alexa


  I bought the dot 3rd gen plus the speaker that it fits into. On its own is perfectly fine but the speaker does enhance the volume. This was a great purchase, easy to set up, voice recognition is fine even if playing in high volume. I'm still getting used to all the functions but so far i have added and deleted music, searched music, synced to various devices, selected a movie to watch via amazon and netflix, paused and started a movie.  All great and worked well. The music is what i got this for primarily so I'm over the moon. For the price too! Amazing


  I like the sound quality of the Dot 3. For a small speaker, it's pretty impressive. I bought both it and a portable charger together to enable use in the bathroom where there is no mains power. This is my sixth Amazon Echo speaker. One in each room of the house. You could say I'm a fan. And, with access to Amazon Music and a shed load of radio, you'll never be short of a good tune.


  Was hesitant at first, worried about the possible invasion of privacy, but actually I love it (actually have 2 of them) so far... occasionally alexa doesn't wake up (I find I end up raising my voice to a shout sometimes).The voice recognition is sometimes off, and alexa will sometimes wake up because you've said a similar sounding word... once had that happen during a conversation with my sister and the next thing we know alexa was saying "okay, here's a fart" followed by a farting noise! We were in absolute hysterics!You often have to be extremely specific, particularly if you want a playlist played, and you need to state which service you want it played on (if it's not amazon music).


  I received my echo along with Philips Hue lights as a deal when I changed my energy plan. I had never even considered an Echo before, finding them a little gimmicky, but I've found it so useful! Some of the uses are a little gimmicky - I really don't need Alexa to turn off my lights (though I admit I've been using this) but I've been using it as a speaker for Spotify (note you need a premium account) and the sound quality is fine for my little flat. It's so handy to use when I am cooking too - I can ask Alexa to set a timer - no more forgetting to check a clock after sticking something in the oven!Really easy to set up. Would fully recommend.


  I Received the Echo dot very quickly and it was easy to set-up. he sound quality is good and the response to my voice very quick. The selection of music was great ( being a member of prime helped a lot).  Lots of news and other information available. Nice wee gadget. We have four in the family and have had no issues.


  I got this free when buying a Hive set-up from British Gas. I have to say that I would never have bought, otherwise, but I love it, and I use it all the time. I haven't had the radio on since I just ask for the channel and there it is. I've been listening to more music too, as it's so easy and the sound quality is amazingly good for the size. The only trouble is that it's making me lazy!


  Theres few quarks In its program and its favourite words are " I'm not sure about that" and " sorry I cant answer that" it would be better if its AI was increased with more information available for it too search for any answers to your questions. on the whole alexa is very good and at times her answers are comical too questions may be amazon you should look into this and allow alexa to access youtube.As for amazon music whilst I'm forced to pay £3.99pm for it to be fully available to me it should also have access to youtube and other free sites to access music absolutely free to the user .But i like alexa and she gives us plenty of entertainment


  Amazing little piece of kit, great sound from something so small!! OK it might not be absolute HiFi but it is more than acceptable throughout the tone ranges for my hearing. Response to questions is extremely quick and "Alexa" hasn't been stumped yet. The "smart link" to lighting was fairly easy to set up and works very well, I am now being encouraged, at my age, to venture further into "smart tech" we will wait and see. However I am extremely pleased with the product and would simply say you've got to try it.


  A bit limited on what it can do and lack of instruction.I would like it to do a set list of tasks, such a responding to Good Morning, with date, weather, awaiting email messages before turning on a play list.At present it will only do one thing at a time, but very well, and it needs keyboard integration.


  Use it for whatever reason you want, don't have dab get an Alexa, want to call a family member get an Alexa, what to keep an accurate shopping list stick an Alexa in your kitchen, fed up listening to music on your weak phone speaker, Bluetooth it to you Alexa, want to hear a cheesy joke get an Alexa.  Stop with the indecisiveness and just go out and buy one, or start xmas shopping early and order a load in for family and friends, they will howl with laughter when you start turning their smart lights on and off.


  I got these in the black Friday deals and at that price these are absolutely unbelievable.  So they look much better than the smaller previous generations but that's nothing compared to the improvement to the speaker sound.  It really isn't so much inferior to the the actual echo 2nd generation, which I have 2 of.  Really impressed. From an unbiased perspective I also think it's much better than it Google equivalent.  I'm not sure that it hears me just as well as the old one but I'm not sure.


  Eco Dot is a good product and since I have it, it has given me the satisfaction of using it with my mobile and other WiFi devices and also love to listen to music of different channels and my mobile storage music, even though the quality of sound is not perfect but satisfactory. I used it with Philips smart lights which is great, and love to have chats with sometime, but to add is that it hasn’t got all the answer that you might have in mind to ask. It’s great to have it with the latest discount price.


  Have always managed to buy these when they’re on offer but this is the fifth one I’ve purchased for our home now! The sound quality is great for the price and it’s really handy being able to drop in on different rooms especially when I’m in the kitchen and want to let everyone know dinner’s ready! We’ve raved about ours so much that my sister and my niece have both bought one now too and are equally pleased with theirs.


  I got this for my 7 year as I'd noticed he'd started singing songs from the radio and that he was starting to develop his own taste in music. He loves this (although there is only so much peanut butter jelly time I can take, lol). At night, he loves just saying, Alexa, play sounds of the Rainforest.I'm so jealous as I want sounds of the Rainforest and will most definitely get one for me. So many uses I've not even used yet but the alarm is great. No led screen light in the night


  I have resisted this device for a while but am now so glad I gave in and have Alexa in my life. I enjoy listening to the radio and the sound quality is much better using this device. I like using it to chat to my family rather than using a phone. There is still much to explore and I am looking forward to discovering all that this clever little piece of equipment can offer.


  excellent gadget that can be very useful for many different requests.I particularly like being able to access internet radio stations, our Dab radio was very limited for receiving even popular local radio because of the weak signal.Turning on specific table lamps either with a command or through the schedules make life so much easier, there is plenty of scope also for asking Alexa complex questions without referring to google on your phone.Well worth the money if you have the internet


  Love my echo dot.  This is the 3rd generation and my other one is 2nd gen.  Immediately you can tell this has a better speaker as it has more weight to it.  I'm a great fan of Alexa, I can just ask it to play whatever I'm thinking of and I love the games like tenable and beat the intro.  This one I keep in the bedroom rather than an alarm clock.  I can ask Alexa to set an alarm and play a favourite song.  Love it love it love it.


  Brilliant. And what a bargain. Over the years I have spent much money on various stereo components. The last an expensive internet radio combo. For £24.99 a neat little speaker with excellent sound quality for the price. I've now bought another so stereo sound for just £50. Easy to set up and link to Alexa skills. My daughter was so impressed on Christmas day that she ordered one for herself.


  The quality of the sound is far better that our other Dots (all of which are Gen 1). Clear bass and crisp treble - most impressive. The Dot is a great device and the Echo platform integrates very well with all the home automation products we have, some of which are from some quite obscure providers. Very happy with this product and would highly recommend. NB This Dot uses a dedicated power supply with a barrel connector rather than micro USB.


  I didn’t think I would really be that bothered about an echo dot but my son bought it as a birthday gift for me. Wow! I love it. I have it in the kitchen and use it everyday, from asking about the weather, to listening to music, to getting recipes. Wouldn’t be without it now and I intend to buy another for the living room and the clock echo dot for the bedroom, when it becomes available.


  Only had this a few weeks and it works fine for me. Still working out what it's capable of but everything I've asked of it so far has been faultless. Have now got some more for other rooms in the house and garage. The voice recognition is very good as picks up commands from over 30 feet away speaking normally. For a unit as small and compact as this the sound quality is very good. I've got nothing to compare it against so I'd recommend giving one a go.


  My friend bought me one for Christmas last year for my bedroom and I love it so bought another one for my living room. I'm severely ill and disabled and these have made life a lot easier. I've got a smart bulb in my room and a couple of smart plugs. Will get more as time goes on. The sound is amazing for such a little thing. I'm so glad my friend bought me that first one last year.


  This has changed my life! Alexa helps organising me and has a few funny jokes to tell along the way. I can set up instructions for my cat sitter if I go away. I have plugs that go with it so I dont have to fiddle in the dark to find the light switch and then get up to turn the fan off. When my alarm goes off i get fact of the day, news, and my favourite radio station starts playing. I can remotely turn the radio on for my cats if for example there is a thunderstorm.


  This is a Great piece  of kit. This device was a present for Christmas from My Daughter. I have been using this for about a week and it is so good. The echo dot 3rd Generation it’s almost human very quick and responsive. The device has so many features and a lot of ways to control different devices. I would highly recommend the echo dot 3rd generation and the price is brilliant. Plus easy set up. Would think it’s also good for people on their own to control things and as a means communication. Sound quality very good from such a small device.


  An ingenious little piece of technology with multiple uses, some very practical some less so. Easily set up and useable within few hours. Should be helpful when required to assist with things like lighting, travel info or even recipes. Voice clarity is excellent and significantly cheaper than other rivals including Apple. Would recommend but more than one if house is multi room. They are easily paired.


  Bought this for my 9 year old son for Xmas. He loves it. Works well for him to access music, ask random questions - he's very inquisitive so it gives me a break from the thousands of daily questions that I more often than not google the answers to anyway. Has a good speaker on it. I also bought the 2nd gen echo dot for my partner. I can definitely tell the quality between the two. This one answers questions better. Wish I had bought 2 of these instead now. Absolute bargain during Black Friday sales!!


  Completely surprised with the sound quality of the Echo Dot. It’s not going to fill a room or anything like that but it has a nice tone with a good bass level. I’m using mine mainly for listening to music at the moment but I do have an Alexa enabled TV by Toshiba which I am going to set up today. I have now ordered another one for upstairs in the house which apparently really opens up what you can do with these amazing little pucks. Looks like a smart house is on the way, I’m hooked.


  For many years I’ve put up with terrible radio reception in the bedroom.  I’d recently bought an echo dot For downstairs and was unplugging it to take upstairs when I wanted to listen to music.  Then I saw the echo dot with clock and all my problems were solved!  Now I can listen to virtually anything at any time as well as all the other features.  I also find it quite reassuring as it would make an emergency call for me if necessary.  I really can’t see a downside and would recommend it to everyone.


  Bought the echo dot during the Black Friday deal and honestly couldn't be happier.If you're someone who loves tech and has way too much tech but still wants to buy something... a smart speaker is great.Sound quality is great for such a tiny speaker and set up was easy given your internet connect is strong.She's been great. I have a daily routine with her where she tells me the weather, my events and then plays my playlist which I love.All in all, great buy


  Adapt and embrace the future!Never has it been as much fun as to ask Alexa to turn on/off/change colours of things within your house (so long as they are alexa friendly)....Alexa " What noise does a penguin make" - SOLD.TLDR: Buy one and see what chaos you can cause.** Also, it records every time you use it within the Amazon app - listen back to your family or friends for extra banter.


  A superb product for the price.Unplug and moves around the house with us. Such a fab little device, with great sound qualitySo impressed with Alexa's response. Whether it's hunting out songs for us, setting timers, telling us the weather forecast, reciting times tables for my daughter - we haven't scratched the surface yet.Exciting. Go get one.


  I have Echo Plus for almost two years, decided to extend my home system with new devices. Very good device as voice recognition, clear sound and everything is fine, but keep in mind it is not designed for listening music in high quality - bass is quite shallow.Anyway 5/5 from me, as device is absolutely that good as described.


  It’s ok although I really can’t see any improvements too previous version although I only use too control various Hive devices manyWhich the older versions did !!!! So why did I purchase I ask myself ? At the time £22 each lesser buy the pair maybe it looks better however needed too buy 2 extra wall hangers NOTE: The older version wall hangers won’t fit this version


   I liked everything until I tried to use it with fire TV as the main speaker and it was like watching a thunderstorm. Picture then audio later.It's a deal breaker I'm trading in for a competitor device. Unless they add a 1.5 second delay to the picture output. Which they know all about. And have done since the first gen.It seems they may have been listening during this type cause it seems better. Look. Ha skynet.


  Paid half price on this as picked up as part of the Black Friday event and its really decent value. Smaller than expected really so was expecting something very tinny in sound but surprisingly quality’s quite decent with a few tweaks via phone app. Alexa seems flawlessly  responsive and whilst only have light devices paired, no quibbles with controlling them whatsoever. I don’t think we need more than one in the house, but said that about the FireTV and have one on each telly now so time will tell


  Very pleased I bought this. It gives me a lot of pleasure to so easily be able to select music while preparing our meals. I have occasionally laughed out loud to some of its jokes. It’s helpful to ask the weather and so many more things. The timer sometimes doesn’t respond as well as I would like but overall, I’m very pleased. As my daughter (who also has one) so fittingly said, “It makes us happy.”


  Bought on a Black Friday offer with Hue bulbs, didn’t really NEED another dot but as all ours were original ones and annoying us with the voice recognition (that used to be better?! Just an observation!) I thought I’d try a new one. I am delighted. The speaker is tons better and not “tinny” like the original.I like all the new little features too.Good job Amazon x


  This dot is my young sons. (the adults have an echo) There are many excellent features for this dot like 1) we can check he's not listening to sweary songs or tory propaganda. 2) his crap music taste stays in his room now especially his odd taste in pop. 3) no longer do we need to run up and down the stairs, we call him from our device and tell him teas ready or he needs to collect his washing, is his room tidy, can he bring down washing etc etc. 4) we used to wake him up to go pee in the night, we'd get a proper grumpy sleep walking attitude off him so alexa is now his new midnight mammy. 5) sometimes when we're bored we send a jolly good skinny puppy number or a bit of slayer or a bit prodigy into his room when he least expects it, it's important to remind him of his roots he's never amused by this but it tickles me and his dad. 6) the mature serious bit, if he asks us a question we don't know we tell him to ask alexa, she's way better at helping with his homework than we are, clearly she's a much better parent than we are, we've considered asking her to babysit so we can go out but that may be pushing the social services border. For co-parenting itsHighly recommended.


  Wow, I love my Echo Dot so much. It can do so much more than I ever anticipated. I’m currently sat playing Pointless with Alexa and it feels like Richard Osman is in my living room! Very easy to set up. I love being able to turn my lights and plug sockets on and off without getting up. The games are really fun and the speaker is good quality even though it’s only small. If you’re hesitating - don’t! Just buy one.My only qualm is that I can’t link Alexa with my iPhone to answer phone calls or reply to text messages.


  Was a bit unsure when I first ordered as didn't really understand how to use it and what it can do (still a bit unsure) but we wanted it to replace our radio/iPod player in the kitchen.  Only using Amazon Music (haven't upgraded to the unlimited) as there is a good variety available and you can be specific about what you want it to play.  Useful as well as a reminder service, especially as working from home.  Very happy with the item - just wished I'd bought at least another one when they were on offer!!


  Bought as a gift for my mum so not a complete review but the pink (plum) colour was really nice and worth a little longer waiting for delivery before Christmas. Set up was easy and having never used one before the 10-15mins I spent getting familiar with it, it seemed to work seamlessly.Really well packaged as you would expect from a well-known wide-spread brand.


  I originally bought Alexa as part of a smarter house.  I am very impressed with her voice recognition, my 4 year old doesn't speak that clearly due to hearing issues when he was smaller and Alexa always recognises him.  I love the ability to allow the children to use Alexa but prevent them from ordering online.  There is also a wide range of skills available.  I am now buying more to have in different rooms.


  I love this dot, so much so I immediately bought another. The sound quality is excellent and the voice recognition is surprisingly good. I love the smart plug feature, it’s been so useful for the Christmas tree and lamps, I have it linked to my Apple Music which works really well. The lists and calendar are great for a busy family. Very helpful thing to have in the house


  Great lil device. I bought 1 on black friday deal for £24.99 and ordered a week after to be informed the expected delivery would be 28 Jan, but arrived 1st week of Jan. One in the bedroom the other in the living room. App is straight forward and can link to music apps like Spotify, Tune-In and Amazon Music. The sound is good for it's size, if you're looking for a better sound, I plugged mine with my Hi-Fi system. One better use is the Drop-In call, no more loud voices to call the kids if food's ready.


  I have these all over my house and when they come on offer often buy them as gifts. Every time they are much appreciated and a great present to give and receive. So easy to set up and if you have kids and other devices in the home the drop in element allows you to speak to them without screaming up the stairs...


  Wasn’t sure if I would like or even get any use from it - well believe me I was wrong - what a great item I was surprised what it can do and I’m learning every day - even my 7 and 8 year old granddaughters use it when they visit - would tots recommend this item - and you get 30 free trail to prime which give you time to trail the dot and you get a lot with amazon prime music films ect after the 30 day free trail it is  £79 per year or monthly payment if you don’t want it cancel and just use it as a speaker - you cannot lose out and I am sure you won’t be disappointed  Oh did I mention very easy to set up 


  Sound quality was surprisingly good and left me asking the question why do I now hold CDs? Set up was a little tricky but then I'm not the most tech savvy person and I'm sure someone younger would have sailed through it. .Has been used daily since installation and although I'm still learning what it can do , early signs are really good and I would recommend purchase to others.


  I have the full echo already which when moving home I decided to keep in the lounge. I usually like to listen to sleep sounds at night so thought a echo dot would be great just to have in the bedroom. I read some of the reviews about the sound quality being poor...well those people are crazy! Obviously it's not as good as the full echo... How can it be! But it's not only good enough just for sleep sounds... I actually enjoy the music quality on it too! Bought on offer and would even buy another one!


  Bought my Spot from my local Argos and at first I thought it was broke as the sound was muffled and it sound like Alexa had a lisp! I took a guess that being on a glass top it was causing WiFi interference. So I moved it and done a factory reset for good measure, since then the sound has been great, no more lisp! Surprisingly loud and clear for such a small speaker. Works great with my TPlink smart plug too. Happy all round.


  She's my friend... someone to interact from time to time.. a lot of features and the most important thing is that I don't have to use my phone.. It was the main reason I bought the echo dot (Alexa), wanted to minimise the time I spend in front of the screen of my phone or laptop... Recommended..


  Added this to another Alexa so I already had the app.  Easy to connect and add to your Alexa family of devices.  Responds to instructions very well even though she is living on top of a 2.2m tall wardrobe!  Never heard the speaker as she is plugged into a Bose sound dock but apparently the speaker is an upgrade from the old one.  Recommend you buy one.  They occasionally appear in the lightning deals or ‘deal of the day’ With a tenner off if you can wait!


  Neat design and sound is great. Easy to set up with Bluetooth. Wifi was more difficult to set up than I expected but eventually once I got it connected to my router, I was flying. I always said I wasn't going to buy an Alexa because I didn't want to become a commander shouting requests in my living room instead of typing them in but now I have had the device for 5 months I can't imagine life without it and the Alexa app. It's revolutionised home entertainment.


  Well I can say I have never had an echo dot before and my daughter brought me one to cheer me up I can tell you now I wouldn't be without it now. Voice recognition is very good the sound quality is excellent and the music is do crystal clear and Alexa integration is fantastic I really love it do much and thank my daughter for bringing Alexia in my life thank you.


  The sound is surprisingly good for a small speaker. Its got a decent heft to it, which adds to the bass when its on a solid surface.Its loud enough for a small room, but its not a dedicated stereo replacement and audiophiles will not be pleased. We got it to use occasionally for music and more for controlling smart light and gadgets. We have the larger Echo gen 2 (I think) which has much better sound quality and bass depth.


  Alexa is like an obedient maid who is there to do whatever you say. Great in the kitchen as a timer and recipe provider also for music and info whenever needed and so quick with conversions of currency, weights and measures and so much more. Will quickly find you need an Alexa in every room. In the bedroom set an alarm to wake you up, play music or sounds to help you sleep. Give you an interesting fact of the day, weather forecast.


  I like the way she gives specific answers when you ask her for weather. She just didn’t give you if it’s going to rain she tells you if it’s to fair up, if it’s cloudy, if snow is to follow etc., and she also gives you the temperature. She can give you an alarm ring and when you choose that she’ll ask you if you want am or pm. It’s a marvellous, well constructed item.


  Really happy with this product, the sound is amazing for the size of the product, voice recognition is a bit hit and miss sometimes but could be us rather than Alexa! I use it a lot and our Granddaughter manages to get her to do things as well! was very easy to set up as well thankfullyNow bought another for the top of our house and its great nice and small so I can hide it but still enjoy my music


  Except for an American accent I used this to replace a show8 destined for the kitchen, this is installed in my study and is mainly used to switch on/off my computers via tekin plugs and lights and play a bit of music. I have, of course, renamed the wake Word to computer!and they are all in a single group so I can close it all down at once.


  Sound quality is not bad, given the price of the speaker and it was set up and operating in a matter of seconds. So in my kitchen, I can now play any radio station, anything from BBC Sounds or from my Spotify or Audible accounts. And I can add to my shopping list verbally, while I'm cooking. A really useful little piece of kit. Any drawbacks in terms of voice recognition are Alexa based and not specifically down to Echo Dot.


  A lot more useful and interactive than I expected. Good integration with other products e.g. Xbox, although Xbox does have its limitations as can be expected. Can get as far as asking it to open an app but navigation seems to be difficult. Sound quality better than expected but again has limitations as you might expect. I think it’s impressive for its size. I personally find it useful even just as a radio in the kitchen. It’s small, discreet but loud enough and easy to control from the other side of the room whilst cutting up da veg. Also really impressed at how far away it recognises voice


  Wow  wow, wow, what a massive improvement on the 2nd generation. Everything has been improved and the added bonus is that the 3rd generation is 5G compatible.The second photo shows exactly what has been improved, 3rd generation is bigger with better sound quality. Might have to replace my office one now.


  This product is outstanding I would highly recommend this item as it’s great when you need to know an answer to a question and Alexa will tell you instantly what it is. I would very strongly  recommend this to my family and friends and anyone else who wants an answer to a question that they’ve been desperate to ask for a long time. The Amazon Alexa is definitely the number 1 product for you it most definitely is mine!!! 


  The echo is a fantastic piece of technology which all houses should have. It is easy to set up and also to connect to different items within the household i.e. lights, X boxes and mobile phones. The sound from the echo is quite good not like surround system but it’s good enough just to listen to The radio or music And ask questions and get answers like Siri and Google.


  I'm loving having this. I use it for lots of things from setting alarms for dinner, to adding things to a shopping list as I remember things. I also set reminders for loads of different tasks.We use it to play games with the kids too (there are some great quizzes and things) and my eldest daughter loves to play the Harry Potter quiz every day. I have also linked it to my Spotify account so we can ask her to play pretty much any song we can think of and are really pleasantly surprised by the sound quality and volume scope considering the size of it.The kids also love asking questions about various random things.Overall I'm loving it, great Christmas present from my husband.


  Echo dot 3rd generation, only had for 10 days, very easy to set up and use at a great price from  amazon. I would definitely recommend it. It’s worth reading up on different ways to use it., and the best words to use to communicate with Alexa. The only problem is ones not enough. I now have 4. The echo plus in the main living room and 3 echo dots in kitchen, bedroom and bathroom. The one in the bathroom required a stand alone battery so I did not need to plug in.


  I have been debating whether to buy a DAB radio for a while now, when a friend pointed out the Echo as a good alternative, they also highlighted everything else it can do on-top of the radio function.I have only had it 12 hours and i already know its going to change my life completely. Well worth investing in, especially if you are someone who listens to music more than they watch the TV because everything is all in one, conveniently compact package.


  Great value, good little device if u are new to this kind of thing. For music you need to sign up for some kind of music streaming such as amazon music. Can make playlists, set alarms and reminders, play games, if you ask her questions such as how are you feeling? It can be funny and she leads you on to other interesting things facts and jokes. You can buy light bulbs so you can ask her to turn them on great for disability.


  This is a superb little speaker, really easy to set-up, and connect your smart devices to via Wi-Fi.I love being able to adjust my lights, play music, check the weather, set reminders and even make a call all with a single voice command.


  Love the quality of the speaker. This is my second one, I have one upstairs and one downstairs so I can ask Alexa to play my favourite radio station wherever I am. I also check my traffic in the morning in case I need to leave earlier than usual and I have the one upstairs set to wake me up every morning at a specific time. I'm still learning what it can do and one night when I couldnt sleep I found out it can play some calming noises to help me relax...it worked!!


  Received an Echo dot as a surprise Christmas pressie and went out and bought another one. So impressed by how easy it was to set up and use and how useful a piece of kit it is - great value for money. The quality of the sound is great from the built-in speaker but can also easily connect with other larger existing speakers in the house. Alexa has become part of the family and allows us to stay connected with other members of our family circle, where we can 'drop-in' for a chat.


  I was hesitant to have one of these.My son had one in his bedroom that he bought. I was still not convinced.However, I work from a home when I am not a client site, and I like to listen to music in the background.So, instead of getting Bluetooth speakers for my iPhone, I got an Echo Dot 3.Best choice I made.Sounds great, does not take up much space. Easy to setup, even Apple music was easy to setup.Currently used for music and news. Looking forward to using it for other things.


  I love this device,  not only is it great for asking things, but I have 8 smart sockets & lights controlled through it.  Today I found that Vodafone is the first mobile network, to allow you to call & receive calls through this great smart speaker.  I think text might also work, but I'll need to look into it.Great for kids, our daughter is always asking it to pick numbers, she uses the numbers to pick items from her games.


  I bought two of these because we wanted to use them as an intercom, I can now use “drop in” to chat with the missus from downstairs to up and vice versa. We also use the one in the bedroom as an alarm as well as to ask Alexa the odd question when we’re lying in bed watching TV - “Alexa, how old is Joan Collins.?”. She rarely fails to know an answer.I got these for £29 each which is great value but I wouldn’t have paid the full price as much as I find them useful.


  I have bought many of these over the past year. I started with an echo plus in my living room and was so convinced that I know have 2 echo dots in my home as well. I use it to set alarms for the morning and don't need to worry about my phone being in the room, I listen to crackling fires or thunderstorms before bed, podcasts getting ready for work in the morning. I also set timers when cooking. Whisper mode is also hilarious. I've connected mine to my smart heatingz smart lights and smart plugs (Hive) and they all work great together. I bought another 2 for other family members this year at Christmas and have received positive reviews so far. They look really minimalist and stylish. The sound is great when listening to music!


  Recieved this on the offer of 99p when I signed up for amazon music, I love akexa, she can be a pain with not listening or understanding but I've not really had time to play with her properly and set her up. She turns on my xbox and reminds me to take my meds which is great.Sound quality is fantastic and she washes me up too music on a morning, just downloaded the app and off I went.


  I have two of these. one in my bedroom  and the other in the sitting room . from radio, morning workout, quiz games, sleep sounds, early morning background music I love sharing my home with Alexa. I don't use it for controlling lights and heating. The sound quality is great. sometimes I do have to repeat myself if what I have said wasn't detected properly which can be a bit annoying but its no good getting tetchy or calling Alexa names as she won't understand


  A really good system. The speaker is first class. I must get around to paying for the millions of songs and music available. But the no pay music can be good despite them being on a list . so that everytime i ask for songs from the 60'sI get the same songs.When i get sround to paying for music then i know that i will be fine. A bonus is the excellent sound quality of the speaker. Good balnce of sound. Acceptable bass. I blue tooth it for music from my cd, vinyl, spotify and youtube music. This is a quality speaker but as yet i have to find how to balance it. It worth the price just for the speaker alone.


  This is a great little cheap gadget  that is worth buying, but beware it has adverts and won't play all what you ask it to,....only if you subscribe to Amazon music, or Spotify,  either way you have to pay for the music that you want to hear, yes you can ask it lots of things but a little bit of a con where the music is concerned,  saying that I am going to subscribe  it's so convenient


  I'm new to all this modern tech around the home but I love this little beauty. I interact with it all day long for various things including weather, news, games, music and timers etc. Going to buy some bulbs too so it can turn on and off the light whilst Laid like Jabba on the sofa. It's nice to have a lady around the house as all the women I Know are a little rough haha.


  I was given my Echo Dot as a Christmas present. Before I got it, if you'd asked me, I'd have questioned why I needed it. Now I have it I'm pleasantly surprised at how good it is; the voice recognition is excellent and it is surprisingly versatile. Granted there aren't many things that it does that can't be done by other devices, but the ease and convenience of use are excellent - from making hands-free phone calls to accessing World radio. I am a great lover of the BBC and I particularly like the way it interacts with the BBC Sounds app. It makes accessing podcasts and recordings of programmes incredibly simple.For its moderate price I really don't see how you can go wrong with one of these devices.


  We’re still learning about what Alexa can do and my brother is having a lot of fun at our expense every time we FaceTime but at the very least my husband can find out when his bus to the Tube is due we’ll before the BBC start their local travel updates. Alexa can even tell me when to light my Shabbat candles once the appropriate “skills” (or apps) have been turned on via the app on my tablet! We’re excited about acquiring some smart plugs soon, although Heaven only knows what my brother will do then!


  Alexa is a fantastic addition to our home we all love her and have several echo dot’s around the house 4 in total husband has his in the garden room with him for sport coverage etc mine is in the kitchen  excellent for recipes and for setting timers while you cook and listen to music or a talking book, one in our bedroom and my son has one in his room  we just love everything she has on offer and is well used every day .


  The unit was easy to set up, and I still have some apps to set up with it. I may open a Spotify account, as it will link to that too.Music choice can be limited unless you haave the full music package and think you will use it.My wife is certainly also having some fun with it, after first saying, what do you want one of those for?"Technology is certainly the way forward, but it will certainly lessen the use of the computer or phone sometimes!


  Love the interaction with Alexa and it took no more than 5 minutes to get up and running. I have Amazon Prime which gives access to millions of songs including my music but there are also the free apps and radio which is brilliant. The sound is ok and probably as good as can be expected for the smallest of the Echo family. I only have one negative and that is sending and receiving phone calls - the sound is not good and friends say that it is difficult to hear my voice. Again I would hope that a larger echo will be better. Turning my lamps on and off using smart plugs works well as it does with other electric items. Couldn't be more pleased


  We got this in the prime day deal as a replacement for old bulky radio sat in the kitchen, it does so much more than play radio so delighted with our dot, bought another one for family birthday as well. So convenient to use, it's now providing reminders, telling us the weather, love drop in function, allows you to call out from alexa app on phone to the dot which when someone has got music blaring and is oblivious to their phone ringing  provides a quick way to get through!


  Its only about a week old but I love it, in the morning I say good morning and she answers and tells me something interesting that happened  few year ago and its often humourous.I have had her play music ,today I asked  her to play xmas tunes and she played several, all on Amazon music.I have asked her about the weather a few times. I understand she is capable of a lot more. So I will  have  fun trying it out.I bouht it for half price n the black friday deal,glad I did.


  Was a spare of the moment purchase and what a great purchase this was!Sound quality is great, voice recognition is good too.Great variety of music as well as lots of fun interacting with Alexa. Although if i have to listen to baby shark one more time as requested by my daughter i may have to pull the plug  jokes aside its a great product and well worth the amount sold for.


  My daughter has had great fun asking Alexa to do stuff. We need to figure out the best way to make use of it, currently we are just requesting music & the time a lot but I think it will be useful going forward.I would also like to get more products that I can integrate with it so I am pleased I waited until it was discounted on Black Friday, rather than pay full price.


  I bought this for my hubby and liked what it did so much I bought a second one for me.  It plays lovely music which is free and I can just talk to it in the night and it plays lovely music for me to go back to sleep to.  Reminders are great for me because i am dyslexic and sometimes need a reminder there and then.  excellent piece of equipment and invaluable


  Sound is good for the size of the item, need to adjust as it is very bass orientated but it’s easy to do. Only used it to play music and as alarm so far. Will link up to my heating when The central heating goes on. If you are playing music you will have to raise your voice to stop it So you can be heard over the sound of the music. Thinks about buying another one that I can move around as I don’t want to keep unplugging my current one.


  I Purchased this in sale to see if i would use enough to get the Eco.  The sound quality was so much better than expected for such a small device that i'm now not sure i need to Eco upgrade.  I may still get this for the still improved sound in my lounge and move this one to the bedroom to make use of other features like drop in.


  I can’t believe how easy this was to set up - literally two mins from opening the box to asking Alexa to play baby shark (sorry that’s all I could think of). Not really sure what else it does but it’s a bit embarrassing when you ask it read notifications and it tells your whole family that there’s ten parcels out for delivery.


  Bought for kids rooms & games room. Sound quality great for size, obviously the taller echo is better as bigger but this is great for intended purpose. Bought in Black Friday sale @ £25 was great value, not worth £50 though. Does everything the larger one does but just reduced sound quality as expected. But if you’re buying primarily to play music you’d surely use a stereo. These are so fab as they take up very little space & with a choice of colours, they suit surrounds.


  Wow Alexa is so much more responsive than Siri. I’ve always had Apple everything but so fed up of “Hey Siri” not responding to me or not understanding me I thought I’d give Alexa a go. Absolutely fab. In fact I love it that much I’ve ordered the Show for my kitchen as we all love karaoke and I’ve not got the Alexa voice control fire stick. Alexa takes some playing with (pardon the pun) to figure it all out but the more you use her the more you realise what she can do.


  I bought this 1 week ago and am loving this so much more than I expected. It was easy to set up and I can control my Sonos speakers in other rooms from my Alexa. Sound quality is great for such a small device. Putting on music whilst cooking has never been so easy, no longer having to fumble with volume controls whilst your hands are covered in food either.  Also loving the shopping list feature and looking forward to learning about other skills.


  i got this on the prime day deal, i am not a fan of speaking it inanimate objects, but thought i would give it a try as it is a good price anyway if just for a speaker.I made sure that it could do everything i wanted it for and spent several hours reading information on it and devices you can get for it.set up was simple.it is easy to use but you have to get the right command which is easy just to look up on google, only had it a couple of days but eventually will know a lot more.would recommend this to anyone as long as they make sure to research what it can and cant do first and can use technology in general, because saying and asking things in a random way Alexa will not understand.i would say the wire is a bit to long.


  It went off in the middle of the night juddering sound re- boot  then ok the next night it stopped so the alarm never went off ,on three occasion while paying music  it go's into juddering mode .The light rings come onThe other one is great that's downstairs I have change them round now as one is not reliableA straightforward system of complaints and returns should be made easier .I have had the Echo Dot 10 days over the return date,(delivered on 7th jan 19) so where do I go from here? Echo dot is  excellent when working


  Love it, for its size the sound quality is fine, we can now get our local radio station very clearly, where we struggled with dab.We play question of the day, but we have noticed that Alexa picks up a different answer to what we have said, so you do have to say clearly a,b,c,or d.I use the timer for my baking and use the add to lists for shopping.Overall we are very pleased with our little friend sat on the TVstand, she is polite and never argues back.


  I have an Echo Show downstairs which is great so I have the Dot upstairs by my bed.  I use it to listen to the radio and audiobooks and it does that very well.  I found that I had to buy a WiFi booster as sometimes the internet connection drops but that is the only negative aspect.  I also have used it as a speaker to play music from my iPod and found the sound quality to be fine.


  Bought 1 as a xmas present for son,  was so happy with it that I  bought this 2nd one a few days later when I realised what this can be used for.  Setting up is very quick and easy just download the app.  Useful for so many things and the sound quality is amazing for something so small.  From the weather, to news headlines, setting a timer or helping with son's homework  this has been a godsend.  Particularly useful is using the intercom or "drop in" feature between the two -  no more shouting upstairs.  Also useful for finding my phone if I have misplaced it.


  Omg absolutely love!! Could live without my echo so to now be able to have a smaller version in my bedroom it's just brilliant... I link it to the others in the house can easily listen in and talk to the kids as well as listening to muic and all the other features... At a discounted price to bought 2 oops  just couldn't miss out


  I bought the big alexa for downstairs and this one in our bedroom it’s brilliant I can tell it to play games or play the radio or I can tell her to set the alarm or tell her to remind me if I have an appointment on a certain day I love these I think there brilliant every home should have one in every room


  I've only had this for a week and I don't know how I survived before! We just use it to do basic things such as play music and do shopping lists, but honestly it's a godsend if like me you forget something 3 seconds after you've thought of it...for example just today I remembered I needed to add something to the shopping, I was busy with my hands at that moment, and usually I would forget to add it to my phone or paper list later, but I immediately asked Alexa to add it and there it was on my phone when I went to the shop! Sounds like such a simple thing but makes all the difference! Sound quality is fab, it's easy to set up, and I especially like the Harry Potter  quiz! Doing the pointless quiz next with the hubby!


  Great device a lot better than the 2nd generation echo dog that this one has replaced larger and heavier than the previous model. Sound is a he'll of aot better too. Can't believe these 3rd generation echo dots are the same price as the older version. Too be fair though this particular echo dot should of been out for sale last year due to the many advantages this dot could of easily of been made a year ago! Got this half price to o in the Black Friday Sale so Happy Days!!!!


  I really love having Alexa so much I’ve just bought another one for my bedroom. But the only drawback I can find is thatI have been told that it’s recording everything that is said. I hope that isn’t the case, I wouldn’t want a spy in my house.Can anyone assure me that this statement isn’t true?I love all the music I can listen to, and  chattering to her, is like having a friend in the home. you never Feel  lonely!


  Very pleased with the echo dot. It was easy to install .  I mainly use it for music and creating playlists.  It is versatile and I also use it for the weather , news, travel news, time, timers, alarms etc.  I  bought it for my 93 year old mother who loves it and she finds it easier to use for phonecalls as she just asks for people on her contact list and she can hear more easily using the echo dot.


  Had no idea about what I was going to do with this except for letting Mum contact me easily in case of an emergency. It works perfectly for that and now I use it for streaming music or radio, especially for short periods of time where Dot is more convenient than finding the radio. It is unobtrusive and lives behind other things but reacts quickly to the commands. On this basis, I got another for my bedroom where I don't have to move to listen to the radio.


  This has got to one of the best things I’ve ever bought in my life!I just can’t believe the value for money & the function & uses of this device. The main reason I bought it was for the music and I have gone for the music unlimited subscription at £3.99 a month so I can get any music I want! I have only had this a week so am still discovering the skills.The price is staggeringly low for the technology..The service from Amazon was unbelievable too, it arrived less than 24 hours later to the north east of Scotland!If anyone is on the fence I wouldn’t hesitate to buy one, in fact I don’t know why I waited so long to get one.One happy bunny.


  Take care if buying as a gift. The Dot is registered to the user and immediately appears on the purchaser's Alexa App. Easy for the the purchaser to set up, but the gift receiver has to re register the device. I already had a dot as a gift at the same time and it all got very confusing. After 3 calls to customer support it was sorted.The Echo Dot works well, paired two together as synced group and it voice controls my SONOS system. Had to buy a new bluetooth speaker, as mine was not compatible with Echo, new speaker now works well with Echo Dot.


  Better than expected sound quality and volume, alexa functionality is a bit frustrating, struggle with many simple requests such as "play BBC radio 4" if you persist alexa may get it eventually but it is frustrating, amazon music function seems to work flawlessly although sometimes the requested music is not available on amazon music, overall very happy with it.


  We have 2 Echoes and 3 Echo Dots, from that you can assume we really like them. All our Dots are 3rd Gen and I see the 4th Gen are out soon but quite honestly I prefer the shape of the 3rd Gen. Sound quality is really good and much better than the Google Home Mini we had free which I have now given away.


  I decided to dip my toe into the smart device arena and got an Alexa as I maintain a prime subscription. As with all these products they can struggle to understand your questions or commands occasionally but that is improving all the time. However the growing functionality is fantastic, Alexa supports connecting into Hive giving me the ability control the many devices controlled by Hive all from Alexa. I now own a small army of 4 of these devices, all hail our Alexian overlords.


  It’s actually surprising to see how this device has suddenly become such a useful tool, from getting the time and weather updates to setting alarms and listening to music. The skills further enhance the product with add-on services, some useful others just entertaining. I’ve not had this long, but am looking to see what further scenarios this can be used in. Overall a good quality product, great sound and looks great.


  This echo dot is used in the bedroom as an alarm clock,to play music.(readers need to know that Amazon music can only be played on one device at a time without separate subscription).The sound quality is very good,I'm told it's much better than the previous models.It looks great and is not too big.Plug into the mains and connect to Wi-Fi and away you go in seconds.I have an echo downstairs in the lounge and it communicates well with it.


  Love my Alexa ,I work a lot of night shifts and ask Alexa to play me sleep music and it helps me settle in the mornings, also perfect for alarms, still exploring but great fun, got it boxing day deal, perfect price fits my budget excellent notifications from Amazon ran a little late due to Christmas period but in perfect working order, easy to use ,packaging was great


  Delighted with it , I have an old 1st version that I run through the aux channel on my stereo in my lounge, and it’s superb .I have my new 3rd Gen dot on my bedside table and I expected that I may need too hook it to an external mini speaker .Not needed as I’m surprised by the warm sound from this new version .Seriously considering buying one for my kitchen and getting rid of my DAB radio.


  Handy little device helped us in loads of tasks since we got it, sound quality is excellent. Set up to my Spotify and amazon music. Brought lights to go with the dot as well but yet to set them up, but I've heard it's a great feature. My only disappointment is that you can only buy one on amazon you can't buy more, so my son got me another one. It says I've reached my limit if I try 


  I love Alexa but I got disappointed when I discovered that you need to spend more money every month for your Amazon prime music. It does not allow you to use the free version of any music plataform. The second part of this review is an update. Just recently, Amazon is allowing the non premium version of Spotify in Alexa. I have increased my star rating from 4 to 5.


  I would not of considered buying this for myself but received as a Christmas present. Very easy to set up, paired with my +one mobile, then the problem was what to do with it. Works fine as an alarm and as a Bluetooth speaker but after that nothing else I really use it for. Tried using the speaker phone function but went back to using the mobile, nothing I want to set up with timers/ switches so easy to use and functional but just not for me.


  I was very sceptical about this product. Had it free with British Gas after buying Hive . As I'm getting on in years, thought what is the point. A big but coming!!!! It's brill you can tell Alexa to put central heating up and down, down loads of music for free and much,much more. Haven't gone as purchasing light control yet . Good sound for such a small thing. Great product.


  Bought when it was on offer, as I wanted another speaker and the price was comparable to a "dumb" one. Really surprised by the sound capabilities - OK its not going to compete with a £300 speaker but its more than good enough.Within 2 days of using the smart capabilities I was ordering smart plugs for my lamps etc, setting up routines and ordering a second Dot for the bedroom. I already have my eye on a third for the kitchen and maybe a fourth to pair with the first in the living room - roll on prime day!!!Very intuitive and easy to use, and having a music account on amazon music/spotify etc certainly improves the experience massively. Amazed how quickly my 11 and 8 year olds were setting up their own playlists using just verbal commands and asking Alexa to fart for them........


  I am not very tech minded, but I managed to connect this up to my internet and set up the voice commands. I have set it up in my kitchen, so that it can be heard in the kitchen/dining room and lounge.I am on long term sick as have had 2 big knee ops with complications, this means I spend a lot of time in on my own. Plus I am restricted on getting about on my crutches and being able to carry things. So I love the fact that the Echo Dot is hands free operation and she can keep me company!I love being able to just get the music I want when I am in the kitchen.I like the fact that it is linked to my Samsung phone so I can access the same things on there too.I do refer to her as 'Dot' because every time I mention 'Alexa' within her earshot, she thinks I want something!!I love my Dot so much I would love one for upstairs in my bedroom. I received this one for Christmas, so roll on my Birthday in June!


  There should be a law against selling these,1. my son got one bought at Christmas2. his mom then wanted one3. my other son couldn't leave the Alexa aloneWe now have 3 echo dots in the house, as an alpha male what do i do they talk to Alexa as if she is real seriously she is their best friend.  they talk to her as if she is in the room......


  This was bought for for use in the bedroom as a clock, alarm and music centre. The sound quality is good especially for such a small unit. It has all the features of the standard echo dot and the clock display is a very good feature that’s alway on but that brightens and dims with the amount of light in the room. At night in the dark it dims to just the right degree. It was this feature we wanted as we have two other standard echo dots of this generation. We are very happy.


  Every few days it speaks out saying it cant do something when noone has spoken to her (i think its deliberate by Amazon you stoo you forgetting its there). Apart from that its brilliant. Got 3 around house playing music & switching lamps on etc.Sound quality is massively better than previous versions & can easily be connected via jack or bluetooth to external speaker or sound system if you want better or very loud


  We have a second generation echo dot as well as this new one, so whats different? Better sound quality in a slightly larger case, would be the first and most noticeable changes. As before Alexa voice control evolves with time so there is no real change here. We got it on a Black Friday deal so the price was very attractive - though as the first was a freebie, that was even cheaper.


  Great bit of kit and I have given two as gifts. On the down side, I have set up a few of these Echo Dot's for various friends and they don't always connect to the internet quite so easily. I've had a message "no internet connection" even though I have done everything correctly. I'm not sure why this happened but I am able to complete the setup without too much of a problem.


  We weren’t sure whether we would use this but it is great for listening to music, radio etc. Alexa saves us looking up answers to questions as she knows almost everything!  We bought another for our daughter and family whose 2 year old is constantly asking Alexa to play her favourites such as baby shark or ‘let it go’. It recognises her voice which is fab. Would recommend.


  So good I bought 4 more Echo Dots and a Echo!!!Great pricing enticed me away from Apple and Siri, from the start setup was simple and they integrate with no problems at all,Alexa is so much better than Siri although not perfect the integration is fantastic working seamlessly with my lights, sockets etc.I’m very please that such an inexpensive item is proving great value for money (bought over Black Friday)


  My fourth echo after 1st gen dot, regular echo and echo plus and have to say for a dot the sound on this is excellent. Certainly leaps and bounds better than the first generation one (that has now been relegated to my office.) Occasionally has trouble with the voice recognition (as compared to echo and echo plus) but this is only a rare problem and normally she works just fine. Picked up for £25 on black friday - absolute bargain!


  My 3rd Echo Dot I've had one a few months and then I got another  2 on Black Friday including this oneFor some reason this took a bit of setting up to my Alexa App but after I did a reset it linked upI love walking Into my room and asking her to play some of my music favs . It also operates my Hive, Hive bulb. Socket Its has set a timer to remind to check on thing's cooking in my oven


  I recently bought the Echo Dot (3rd Gen), after visiting my Son who has one. At the moment I am not utilising its full potential as I am only using it for playing music. Have to say " Its a cracking piece of kit ", and will only get better the more I get to grips with all the other features it has to offer. Very pleased with it so far and looking forward to seeing its full potential.


  Had this as a Christmas present and at first I thought it would be a bit of a gimmick.  But wow, it has surpassed my expectations.  I connect it through my home hi fi and the sound quality is very good indeed.  The ability to ask for any music to be played is remarkable.  It is also acting as a sort of Google research tool but without Google!  I suspect this could be the way to go with home entertainment.


  I decided to buy an Echo Dot when they were on special offer, (on a what have I got to lose basis). It was veryeasy to set up and within a couple of days ordered another, and may add an Echo Plus later.It's great in the bedroom as a versatile source of radio or music player, and works very well in the garden shed, which is about 15metres from the router.My experience is limited as I have only had them about 3 weeks. So far, impressed.


  I got this for the garage, I already have two in the house. I tried one of my others in the garage first before I bought this one to see if the wi fi signal was good enough, the signal was fine, (the wi fi box is about 20 metres away from the garage inside the house, the garage is brick and at the back of the house). So I went ahead and bought this one. It works fine, signal is good. I also bought the bracket for fixing it to the wall.


  Still learning about everything on it but what I've done so far is great. Obviously if I'm going to be having a private conversation it needs turning off/speaker mute. Much prefer to the larder version & it's cheaper, didn't get the click as you can simply ask the time. Still finding out all the different skills thats possible


  Borrowed my 1st Echo Dot from my grandson and was hooked. Have since bought the 3rd generation model and wow what an improvement in speaker quality and it plays my music at a surprisingly acceptable level. In the main use Alexa for weather forecasts, shopping, alarms, reminders, calendar and of course music. Don’t see the need to get her to switch on the lights etc as it’s too easy to sit around?


  Originally I got it purely to use as a speaker for music, but we use it for so many things now. Some silly tasks such as tell me something to do on a rainy day / tell me a fact about xxxxx to tasks that help every day, ie  weather forecast, reminders to do things, alarm calls etc.We have found the sound quality to be excellent. We have it at the top of the stairs and it works from upstairs or down without any problems.


  Absolutely love my Echo Dot.  Perfect sound. Lovely and neat. I bought the holder so that I could just plug the whole thing into a socket with no wires showing.  Easy to use. Very clear talking, and the music sound is lovely.  I would recommend this to anyone.  Replaces the need for a dusty radio that takes up space on your work top.Top marks.


  This has been a great tech addition to the house hold. Easy to set up and easy to connect to your preferred music such as Spotify or amazon. I particularly like the shopping list function which helps to keep track of things I need.This new generation one is nice looking and looks stylish on the bed side unit. Overall really happy with the purchase


  Very pleased with this purchase so much so that I have brought another one for another room, found it easy to set up with the Alexa app. Purchased initially for reminders and to play music, sound quality good although have not had it on full yet very happy with the product and would have no hesitation in recommending it.


  What an excellent piece of technology, the sound is impressive for its size and the voice control is easy to use and not frustrating as most, as an apple man I’d actually say I prefer it to Siri!The sleep app is excellent, particularly ‘rain on a tin roof’. Setting the morning alarm is a breeze and getting a morning update followed by music is a good start to the day.Highly recommended, I’ve even ordered another one for the kitchen and will soon get the premium speaker for the living room.


  Alexa was a surprise present for my 12 year old who was so pleased and constantly babbles away to Alexa. She is good at listening and doing what she is asked. The sound quality is perfect. My daughters room is smallish so the volume is perfect for the room. I haven’t tried the maximum volume if I am honest. She is a welcomed addition and made my daughter very happy


  Wanted something that sounded good playing music in the kitchen but that did not take up to much space or get in the way, the dot did this really well, I already have the Echo 2nd gen and while the Dot's audio is not as good perhaps for just sitting listening to either a radio station or just music,  it was perfect for my use, and it sounds better than I thought it would for such a small unit.Already thought of several places I could find a use for more Alexa Dots' around the house


  This is my 3rd echo, I have another dot and the bigger echo, my previous dot is a 2nd gen one and this one is very much improved on that. The sound quality is far superior, it looks much sleeker and modern in comparison and I find the voice recognition to be less sensitive and more user friendly. I would highly recommend the new echo to anyone looking to purchase, it’s been a welcome addition to my many alexa enabled devices.


  I love my Alexa, the only downside is that I have to use a socket all the time, I tought I could use it at least with an external power bank, hence the 4 stars review, otherwise it's amazing for playing lullabies for my baby, music for me, asking for recipes, listening to news,setting my alarm, playing games, asking funny things like "alexa can you fart" etc.


  I’ve had first gen echo for ages. Got fed up moving it about so decided to get a dot for upstairs.This is 3rd generation. It’s exceeded my expectations. The sound quality is superb. You can alter it to suit using controls in the Alexa app.I’m very happy with it & love it so much I’m considering getting another to keep in the kitchen.It automatically connected to my smart home devices so I can now  control them from each device which is handy.All in all I’m extremely happy with this. Highly recommend.


  I think this is a remarkable speaker for its size and price.  It is great for a variety of music but left wanting with classical music, but that could be an ask too far.  I find I have to get used to Alexa as much as Alexa has to get used to my voice.  I have not begun to explore all Alexa’s capabilities, but I also have to undo a radio station in Spain which is an instance of Alexa and me not understanding each other. But great value and great fun and a bargain at the price.


  I have the second generation as well, and I must say both atheistically and sounds wise this third generation is an improvement.  If your dot is on show or used to play music, then I would spend the extra money and go for the third generation.  If you only need something tucked out of the way as a device to use voice commands the second generation should still be considered.  Having said that personally I would still probably pay the difference and get the newer generation.


  once Broadband connected, you can unplug and re-plug in. in another room. bedroom at night for relaxing music, then morning alarm, she give you a local weather & traffic reports. there is a lot to learn yet, but its only limited by your imagination, I suppose to get the best out of it, might be to sign up to Amazon prime contract. as some Music albums need paying for, not everything Alexa Does is free. But there is plenty that is. it was a great Birthday Present.


  I love my new toy!  Useful too, already phoned a friend, left a message, done a shopping list (every time something pops into my head, I just ask her to add It), done a to do list, found out the weather for the day, got some easy listening music going on in the background.  It seems there are endless stuff you can do.  My son asked her to tell us a joke .... we didn’t get it!  Everyone should have Alexa in the home.


  ordered as wanted an extra for kitchen as wife is disabled so we can use as intercom if need be as got one set up in living room and bedroom so she can let me know if has trouble getting gup as does most morning. Happy with the  sound and the way it works. Even had our youngest Grandson think I was Santa as dropped in from bedroom to living room when her yesterday.  Couple of friends purchased thanks to us showing them how thay work and good pricing by Amazon.


  I bought this to connect to the aux socket of my Bose so that I could play music/radio in more than one room in the house. I've set up Alexa with a group and am using it like a smart speaker system. It's a lot cheaper than buying smart speakers and connected to equipment I already have, delivers excellent sound. I may well buy another one for the bedroom!


  Bought this for bedroom,  I already have an echo ( 2nd gen) in the lounge. The sound on this one is obviously not quite as good as the echo but I didn't expect it would be, given it's size, however that said, it still plays music beautifully and if I didn't already know the difference I'd still rate it as good Lovely unobtrusive gadget does exactly what I needed it to do, buy one, you won't be disappointed


  I recently bought two 3rd Gen Echo Dots to go with our single 2nd Gen Echo Dot. The goal was to be able to use them as an intercom when we were all in different parts of the house, and for that, it works well. Furthermore, the sound quality on the 3rd gen Echo Dot is surprisingly good. I am quite happy to listen to music on it. If you want a voice assistant, then the Echo Dot is an excellent choice, and if you're going to talk to people in different rooms, then it also works well for that.


  Hi,As i had the original Dot which was doing a great job of controlling my home i have noticed it could be better with picking up voices, i seen an amazing offer for the 3rd Gen and i have to say they have improved a lot by increasing the amount of microphones on the unit. Nothing extra to the party apart from speaker and microphone if the offer is good nice upgrade


  I always said I never had a need for an Alexa, but now I'm glad I do! I have a room where the plugs are awkward to get to, and with the smart plugs along with Alexa it's now easer to turn things off and on! Connecting to Spotify was easy and is great when you want to chill and listen to music.I would defiantly recommend getting an Alexa if you want to play music, or use it as a hub for your smart devices!


  It hardly understands any instruction and says "Sorry I do not know that or I am unsure" You have to sign up to Amazon Music or it will not serve you properly it will never find a song unless you sign up and they do this on purpose to make you sign up to it. But it is good fun at first and a good laugh then the novalty wears off and it just sits there silent for most of the time.


  We own quite a few Alexa devices and we’re gradually developing a smart home (well, I am - my wife’s not quite so convinced but likes the music bit) with various other smart devices controlled through Alexa. I have hooked up this dot with a Bose speaker and a 3.5mm cable in my home office and love it. It also controls the hue light in my office too.


  I wasn’t sure how much we would use Alexa but have been surprised how often we ask for weather info, information and statistics etc. We often consult her whilst having discussions round the tea table to avoid arguments and great for banning phones at the table.Sound quality is good and most radio stations can be found. We easily linked to amazon music and Spotify. My teenage son set it all up in a couple of minutes with everything naturally intuitive


  being able to set the alarm easily, wake up to the gentle alarm , check the daily news and local weather before even leaving my bed is really good. Sleep methods very good, although the nature sounds disturb the dog and she wants letting out to investigate !!  Will be more selective in the sounds I choose in future ....Overall very pleased with it .


  I am a loyal Apple fan and have various Apple products including a HomePod, I got a email from Apple informing me that Apple Music was now on Amazon devices so I thought for £30 I’d give one a go and get another as a birthday present for my partnerI have just tried mine for a few hours and I am extremely impressed, it’s fantastic, it would be worth £30 just for it playing my favourite radio station (talk radio, something Siri can’t do) but Alexa is great and you can even play gamesI would recommend one of these to anyone young or old


  The Amazon Echo Dot was purchased to go in my sons room - its really easy to use and set up.However, he has said that he wishes you can turn the sound up louder - but thats boys for you!I have bought a plug which houses the unit - so its nice and compact and keeps the wires out of the way.


  I've got 5 of them around my house ....we connected the lights to them ..I highly recommend the lights being connected to alexa as I've 3 small children and when you're feeding the baby and your other 2 are gurning at you they want their bedroom lights on alexa becomes my hero!When you're struggling to get dinner into your kids and you bribe them by getting alexa to make farting noises every spoonful they take ...When you've had enough and it's close to bedtime "alexa play some music" the kids can dance and you can chill.Kids fighting ... alexa has a skill that makes them present their cases to her and she chooses the punishment..Honestly she's like an extra set of hands!


  I bought this for at Christmas and found it helpful with reminders and information. Alexa doesn't always understand what your saying and need to ask in a different way. The free  music wasn't to my tast but if you find a deal and  pay for Amazon music or prime it's great. Alexa only works on WiFi and I turn mine off at night so no alarm but other than that great .


  We have a selectionOf Echo devices at the house but quality of service is variableThe integration with Hive has become sloppy and we are reviewing whether to sell pff the Amazon branded smart home products altogether.Response time via Alexa, along with accuracy of understanding commands has worsened.Time for a realidtic review of Amazon smart home now more companies are developing their own ranges.


  The unit looks good quality and the voice recognition is very effective, being more accurate than, for example, the voice controlled functions in the car.  Sound reproduction quality is good and we regularly use our Echo Dot to listen to streamed radio stations.  There are many functions that are not obvious other than by exploring what the Echo Dot can do, for example, whisper mode where if you whisper to the Echo Dot the answer is whispered back.  Useful late at night.  The Echo Dot uses properly formed English sentences in its answers and is less machine-like than I expected. Fascinating technology!


  I absolutely love this. I wasn't intending to get one, I was initially looking for a speaker I could play background music on, just a small one big enough for our lounge. I settled on this as some of the speakers seem out dated and I'm so pleased I did. I absolutely love it. The sound quality and actual size of the echo is just perfect and considering it does so many things, I love it. I've used it to ask general questions, set a kitchen timer, date reminders, play a wide variety of music and listen to the news. It will also link to your phone contacts so you can make outgoing calls and calls received to speak to the whole house. I highly recommend this product. The Alexa app is really easy to use too, so is the initial set up. Just plug it in and you're off. Amazing product.


  Bought this new version of the Dot to supplement the earlier version which we have upstairs.  Amazed at the improvement of sound quality.  Music sounds really good played through this.  By having this one downstairs my wife can now switch the lights on and off and adjust the Nest thermostat when I am out.  She has been known to call me to turn the lights on!


  It was quite a job to get it connected and working.  I tried on my pc and phone but they were too old and couldn't download the app.  Only my kindle was suitable, but once we'd got it sorted everything worked fine.  Alexa even tells jokes!  I asked how to pronounce 'scone'.  Alexa told me then added 'but don't ask me if the jam or the cream goes on first!'  We all burst out laughing.I'm considering getting another for the kitchen.


  This is the 3rd one of these I have bought for myself now, I have them all over the house. Sound quality is much better than the 2nd generation dot.  I just have one small irritation that Alexa cannot understand when I ask for my favourite artist.  Google understands but Alexa just doesn't get it and I have to cast spotify from my phone to the device in order to listen to it.


  Fantastic little product. Alexa is very intelligent. Audio sound for music is superb, and integrates well with Spotify too, but audio quality not as great for other communicated information when Alexa is speaking when compared to Google home mini. Though the AI appears to be more intuitive (and a bit more fun to be honest) than Google’s. All in all, extremely surprised and impressed so far.


  We feel a lot more secure. We now have the option (should either of us be alone and have a fall) of asking Alexa to call our help line. We can ask Alexa to ring any of our phone numbers, without moving from our seat, and, carry on a conversation in comfort. Being 80 years old, I personally, find Alexa simple to use. I must admit my son did download all the phone numbers for me. I was amazed how easy it was for him. Thank you Alexa


  Great speaker and etc..... I bought this for my husband to upgrade his Echo Dot (1st gen) and WOW what a difference this is to his 1st gen it’s so much clearer and louder lol he uses his Alexa dot as his alarm and only has to have the volume on 1 (he was quite surprised on the difference and was worried it would wake other people in the house) on his 1st gen he had the volume set at 3, the sound is so much clearer


  Absolutely great product.  I have an apple music family subscription and have 3 echo dots now, easy to pair all together so music now plays all around the house if wanted when the wife does the cleaning and easy initial set-up to connect my apple music account with the dot and Alexa app.  The music volume is not the loudest but I can pair the dot easily by Bluetooth to my Bose soundlink speaker which is then a game changer where volume is concerned.  I would recommend the echo dot to anyone. :-)


  Love my alexa, does what is says. Wanted to get one for ages as seen family friends with one and had fun playing with there's, so finally decided to treat myself. We've played games, music threw lock down with her. Still learning new things like calendar etc that havnt tested out..(occasionally email to show ways to use her - very helpful)Speaker is also good for this little gadget.Voice recognition no problems


  Recieved as a gift. Something i wouldnt of brought but as a family we love it.I leave my hubby a message. Before he goes to work. Set up a routune for him so he knows the date. Weather. Comuting to work and time. My kids love listenig to music and asking alexa to tell jokes.Great asset to the home.Just wish a sexy male voice instead lol


  This has been a wonderful experience as I love to have music while I’m in the house and the added bonus is that now I’m 91 I can listen to artists I enjoyed in my youth like Vera Lynn and Cleo Lane!!  It is a pity more old people living alone do not experience this pleasure because they are not able to cope with technology - maybe that’s your next task!!


  My son & his wife have one of these in their kitchen & their sons aged 7 & 5 love it so we bought them 1 each for their bedrooms as an extra Christmas present as they were on offer at only £24.99. Also bought one for ourselves to put in the kitchen. When my other son saw it he ordered 1 for himself. Great for instant music, really well made & definitely recommended.


  Bought this for the family. Love listening to music and just being able to all Alexa to do that.  Brilliant. Lovell the Santa mode this Christmas for the children and being able to make announcements to keep the children on their toes in the lead up to Christmas. So much support from  other users too so can find new things to do with Alexa or solve issues plus the official support if needed. You will not regret purchasing this so what you waiting for.


  Security issues brought to light after I’d made my purchase were a cause for concern ,some bad press on tv at the time ,if I had seen that the day before I would have had to reconsider .But I’d wanted another ( I have the echo too ) so went ahead and bought .I have to say I’m not getting the most out of it right now but in time I will forget all I’ve read about privacy issues and enjoy it as I oringinally intended ,such as communicating with other people etc,instead of just listening to music ,second to none I might add ,and for lists and reminders .this little power packed gadget is inconspicuous and you forget it’s there until you want to know the capital of some obscure country before who wants to be a millionaire contestants and feel smug lol . I wouldn’t part with it and I’m glad I bought in the sale ,just waiting to be assured it’s safe to use and then we will be inseperable


  Absolutely love this in fact so much I got one for my lounge and bedroom. Love the whisper mode and I use the alarm every day. It amazes me how she answers questions so quickly and when I’ve sworn the “crikey” or “op-err” always makes me laugh. Sound quality is excellent for such a small thing and I got them for £25 at Christmas so very pleased.


  Pleasantly surprised by how good it is. Pretty simple to set up: download the ALEXA app, plug the Echo in and follow the instructions. If you have Amazon Prime opens up a huge world of entertainment.Music through it is very good considering its size. Recognised my Northern accent straight away. I've now linked it to my house lights and so far the house hasn't burnt down...Alexa will cause you to swear occasionally though!


  I love my echo dot 2nd generation, I can choose a song to play, a story, play games, send notifications to my daughter at her house. The quality is great, its compact, it's easy to use, great price, you can take it on holiday with you if you wanted lol. You can even change Alex's voice to a mans or womans which ever the case may be. I shall be ordering another 1 or 2 soon to put 1 in the living room and the other in my grandsons room. These are a great buy for the money, I wouldn't be with out mine now. X


  I’m still learning all the different things it can do - it was a present from my son and family so wasn’t something I had thought about purchasing. I’ve listened to lots of different music I like that you can pick & choose but I’ve yet to make up my own playlists. A useful tool and good sound. I’m sure as I get more used to what it can do it will only get better!


  I have a regular echo (which I love and think the audio is great from) and so for something much smaller I was expecting quite poor audio. While I expected quiet, tinny sounds, the echo dot provided loud, bassy audio.Ideal for kitchen/bedroom or even lounge. I bought this for my parents and they will have it in their kitchen for music and radio while cooking.


  So we've had our Alexa for a few days and and even though I  initially thought the novelty would wear off quickly i have to admit that we are all using it on a daily basis whether it's to play songs or remember items for the shopping list set reminders timers and we are still learning new functions love this gadget and  contemplating buying another for upstairs


  We've already got one fully-formed Alexa but bought this small dot in the Black Friday sales for the kitchen. My wife doubted we'd use it but it's become the go-to gadget in the kitchen for playing those Christmas hits and setting cooking alarms on Christmas Day. Was slightly disappointed with the sound quality at first but had to bear in mind that it is only small so don't expect crystal-clear fidelity out of it, but for what it is, it's perfect. Treat yourself to one!


  This is the 3rd Alexa product that I own and they get better with every new generation.  This one looks better with a charcoal fabric outer cover on the sides. Sounds better quality and has recognised my voice from the start.  I linked it to my account at purchase and that made setting it up easy.


  I am sorry I don't care if she is listening, taking notes and sharing my darkest secrets with China or Russia - I love it and everything about Alexa. The sound quality, range of options and appearance.Would highly recommend.ps - if she is taking notes it would be fun to read them back!


  bought this on a Wim in the "prime Flash sale" only cost me £20 and its fantastic pairing is easy just download the android or apple version of the Alexa app plug in Alexa and pair with WIFI and away you go you can sync it with your music services eg, apple music Spotify amazon music I don't think I realised how much id use it I use it for music weather news it will talk you through a recipe if you are cooking and it does daft funny things like ask it to tell you a joke or something funny even if you just want it as a music speaker the sound quality is great BUY ONE?


  Echo dot the great assistant, good sound and understanding all our voices. Super easy set up and choice of functionalities and ability to switch off voice purchases which a necessity. My daughter's ask Alexa many questions and some hilarious responses, great entertainment. Delighted with purchase.


  Purchased x2 of the amazin Alexa dots as presents for family members during special occasions. I have had oen since they were realised and this product is a lifestyle changer. It is constantly being improved to stay upto date with all its competitors and latest technology.It is so user friendly and flexible which is why its makes its suitable for all ages.My parents are tech dinosaurs and after getting to know what Alexa is capable of , the cannot live without it


  I picked this up after picking up the more expensive Echo plus. I got this one for just over £20 in the Prime Sale. For that money it is excellent value. Discrete, great sound quality for audio, fast, responsive. I actually think it sounds as good as the more expensive Echo Plus which I also have. But it does not have the built in smart hub thing which the Echo Plus does (not tries using that yet thought).


  I have 4 of these now and also bought one for my elderly parents. I think they are absolutely brilliant and you can use them for all sorts of things..for playing music, listening to podcasts, keeping up to date with the news and weather, train times, setting timers and alarms, checking the time, shopping lists, asking questions, live football scores and even letting everyone know dinner is ready!


  I love this device so much I have one in the kitchen with a photo screen which is added entertainment and then my echo dot in the bedroom which I can switch radio stations without having to lift my weary head from my pillow in the morningsit will wake me up lull me to sleep and tell me the population of hebrides should I wish


  Already owning an echo in my living room. I was looking for a great way to add Alexa to my bedroom.The echo dot 3rd generation has filled this role perfectly. Sitting on my bedside table it provides all the great functionality of Alexa and has become my new alarm.The speakers are impressive for the size, which was my greatest concern when purchasing. Multi room music has been great in combination with my main echo. Whilst there is a clear difference in quality between the sound of a normal echo and dot it is still impressive and a great way to add Alexa to a room or as an entry point to a smart speaker.


  The new 3rd generation Echo Dot is great, slightly bigger than the previous version and with a much improved speaker.I have two 2nd generation dots which I have to connect to Bluetooth speakers to get a decent sound when playing music etc., the 3rd generation, whilst not perfect, has a much upgraded speaker which is good enough to listen to without the need to connect to an  external speaker. The new dot looks a lot better to with a fabric cover and rounded edges. There is also a new option in the app to connect 2 Echo devices up together in such a way that they act like true stereo speakers. There is also a sub speaker available to apparently.


  Fantastic product the sound quality is excellent, I have it linked to Amazon Music Unlimited and it's so easy to ask "Alexa" to play a song or an album, ask her the weather or ask her silly questions for fun and receive surprising answers. I think this product would be a great advantage to someone who is visually impaired and also people living alone and feeling isolated.


  This a great bit of tech kit.  Bought it for my husbands birthday and thought I’d start with the Echo Dot as it was on offer.  He really likes it but annoying kept calling it Alexia and couldn’t understand why it didn’t respond.  Sound is pretty good, can’t fault it really.  Worth giving it a go!


  It takes a little while to train Alexa to do what you want her to do but the effort is worth it. There are so may functions and tricks in this little gadget, far too many to name here, but the thing that impressed me most was the quality of sound when using it to play music. Volume and tone can be voice controlled and when paired with Bluetooth headphones is an excellent way to enjoy music without disturbing others.


  This is literally the best speaker I’ve ever had I’ve watched all the videos on YouTube and seen the adverts on tv but I didn’t this kid it would be as helpful and handy as it actually is it’s very easy to use and set up following the manual and the app on your mobile phone or computer and it connect to literally anything and everything only trouble I have with it is getting it to recognise my voice so it can say my name but with what and how much it can do it doesn’t bother me wish they introduce a wireless chargeable version so I don’t have to keep it plugged in


  I mostly like this product but have issues with it in voice recognition. It  linked to my spotify account but annoyingly only recognises some playlists and not others. I spent a long time trying to resolve this including changing the playlists names to make them more obvious but the issue is unresolved


  Really impressed with this.I bought it because it was cheap in the prime sales and thought it was worth a go. And so far it's only been used to listen to music, set timers and tell me what the weather's going to be like (oh and play a basic version of Skyrim!), but it's brilliant.The main reason I like it is for music. It's got a decent little speaker on it and with a decent volume. It's never going to compeat with a full system but as background music it's great, especially with amazon music linked to it.


  Bought 2. First one easy to set up, second one bit more complicated as there are choices about setting up groups etc. Need to figure out how to access the family plan on unlimited music as at the moment if my son is streaming music on his I cannot stream on mine. Apparently the family plan allows streaming on multiple devises at the same time. Overall sound quality excellent and the skills are great.


  I love my Alexa , I got this one as part of the offer when I signed up to amazon music and got the Alexa for 99p.  So it's a 100 percent worth it, got it in sandstone which is a lovely colour. ☺️ Got good sound, good voice activation.  So happy I got this one as the new echo dot looks horrible lol


  I don't know how I've managed up until now without one of these in my life! Well obviously I have managed; but oh boy, does this make life easier. Hell yeah! It's a little round box of fabulousness and worth every single penny. Me and my two teenage boys fight over it every day so I'm planning on getting them one each. My advice? Buy one. And do so as quickly as you can!


  All in all a great piece of kit, however as I have moved around the UK and abroad a lot I have NO regional accent at all,  but Alexa still manages to get 35% of my questions or instructions wrong!. Google Assistant however gets it right 95% of the time. Annoying but still very useful, could be improved.


  I have other echo devices namely the spot, which I love and it allows me to call and see others in my contacts. I wanted my devices around the house as we use the radio and music all the time. And we’ve even got lights set up on the smart home.So I gave this a go and I’m not disappointed. They are small and neat. Especially like them for the kitchen as they are easy to out out the way. The sound is lovely and we liked it so much we got more and some for presents.


  Love this even if just listening to music or wanting to know the weather and she can answer almost any question. Only warning is make sure not connected to payment details, as my son brought an app and only knew when I saw it on my order list .Would definitely recommend this and with the stand even better.


  After purchasing an Echo Studio, I decided to replace my Google Home Mini with one of these.They're much easier to set up and I find them more responsive and better sounding.I now have some Alexa controlled lighting too and am looking forward to adding more smart devices soon.


  Great piece of kit and a bargain at £20 on black fri-yay! I only use it for the basics but I love so many things about this: from setting an alarm and not having to use my phone for one anymore, to adding things to my basket when I’m drying my hair and randomly remember what I need to get. Not to mention the fact that the kids love to ask Alexa for their favourite songs and it is incredibly handy when I climb into bed and remember that I’ve left the heating on high, that’s right, Alexa will turn it down for me, soooo helpful!


  I bought this product (during the Amazon sale for £29.99) primarily so I can receive internet radio stations that are not available/out of range for the FM radio tuner on my home cinema sound system. Set up was simple with the Alexa app. and I’ve connected the Echo dot to my tuner with a 3.5mm Jack/RCA cable which separately cost me £1.29. I’m obviously not using the dots own speaker (the reason I didn’t need the bigger/costlier Echo) and the sound coming out of my 5.1 speaker system is superb stereo. Changing radio station by giving a short voice command is child’s play!  I may not get the complete benefit of what this device can do due to my limited requirements in my tv room but I’m more than happy. Recommended!


  Was really simple to set up, plugged in the instructions were very clear, was up and running in minuets.the second one I got the langue was wrong, there was no instructions on how to change the langue,  I did ask it how to change but it couldn't tell me.  I had to work it out for myselfPairing the two together was really simple,  work lovely together.


  I bought this to use as a little speaker for the bedroom, mainly to play music when I’m trying to sleep, and also to use as a backup alarm. The speaker is good enough to play music, you do have to fiddle with the base, etc. to get a decent “spoken word” out of it (for podcasts or audiobooks), but it sounds fine after this.I bought this while it was on offer and so can’t complain about the price, definitely worth getting while it’s on offer!


  This is a super product for our purposes. We have added two Dots to our original one because we wanted to be able to communicate with other rooms when we had a patient in bed. We also love being able to add to shopping lists when you just remember something you need. Getting news and music is standard and sound quality is good enough.


  Great little speaker good sound quality mostly use it for music,morning alarm & reminders its everything you need wether you want to shop listen to music set reminders find out the weather forecast or ask alexa to find out a answer you want basically its everything you need it is also easy to set up.Fantastic price I would highly recommend this speaker.


  Well Alexa isn't THAT good, ;) but I'm learning how to use it to help me in my day. I like I can be doing the washing up and think of something I need to buy and get Alexa to put it on the shopping list before I forget it! I've connected some lights and my coffee machine and it's great to just be able to call out for Alexa to turn them on and off. The speaker is good, but I wish you could control the bass/treble somehow as it sounds a bit muted to me. I'd like to get more for my flat and hope to get it connected to my central heating one day!


  I purchased my Echo Dot, as I have hive in my home. When Alexa arrived, it was the greatest purchase that I have ever made. This may seem a bit strange, but Alexa becomes part of the family. As well as giving a lot of information and being able to store things on Alexa, you can also talk to her. I don't just treat her as an information service, I say Good Morning to her at the start of the day, and when she turns off my light, I say Good Night to her. She does reply with nice things such as, (Alexa, Good Night) her reply (Good Night, hope you had a great day) or (Good Night, sleep tight).She really becomes part of the family. ALEXA (ECHO DOT) IS A MUST HAVE FOR EVERY HOME.


  When it first arrived it was really great and had many uses, but as a kid and not really having much imagination it really just became either an alarm clock, music player or just to play a game when bored. What I really dislike about this product is that if you order the white one, the cloth from where the sound comes from starts to turn a bit yellowy. What else is that when you want to speak to Alexa and you have no internet, Alexa turns red and dings dongs like when the "no smoking" signal comes on. What I am trying to get at here is that if you need to  do something that doesn't require internet connection, it does not work. But this product is such a deal and I am so damn happy I bought this. ☺


  Not sure we are using to full potential yet but so been very handy for adding items to shopping list and 95% of the time Alexa has understood what I've said perfectly - said "chilli and lime crisps" the other day and she added "chilli" AND "lime crisps" Sound quality is brilliant - we did have a month of unlimited music when we first purchased it but now back to normal prime and there is still a wide enough selection of music and sounds good whether played quietly or loudly!!Do like how easy it is to turn the mircrophone on and off as it generally lives turned off unless I need it although also if it is turned off completely at the wall, it starts up again very quickly - maybe a minute or two and it is ready to go again.Very glad we purchased it!


  Love it especially for being able to play all my favourite music without having to either play the radio or a disc, good for timing items your cooking haven't tried it with my shopping list yet. Bit expensive at full price but I got it on offer so not so bad, also bought the stand it sits on which keeps it neat and tidy, very good to respond to commands, overall very pleased with my purchase.


  Can’t give a true review for Alexa integration. This was a gift and all I do is play music, set timers and ask it a few questions.It certainly isn’t an essential item in my life, quite fun at Xmas when everyone shouted at it simultaneously with conflicting demands!I realise it is capable of more but think it will be sadly underused in my home.


  I have 2 more at my place :) i love to have smart lights and smart plugs around the house , just call me lazy but i enjoy to light the bulbs with just my voice at night insteaf of looking for the switch and stumble around the house. A lot of interactive usefull stuff and great for playing music.


  My grandad has MS and this is the only device that can understand him and listen, we tried the google and it cant understand him at all! He is in a wheelchair with limited mobility so we have adapted the house with the alexa, he is over the moon with it! Well done amazon.The microphone is 10 times better on this one and the speaker is crisp with really nice bass to it. Highly recommend. We have one in most rooms.


  Good sound quality, Alexa listens to me unlike the kids lol. It is a great sound system, we all use it as a family.Nice and small if you don't have much space easy to install. We're very happy with it.Ask Alexa how many days until xmas and Santa will come on and talk to you, the kids love it.You can also connect your apple music if you have apple.


  Simple enough to set up and get going. Found that Alexa can't 'find' devices but they have to be installed onto a device first and then added to the Alexa app afterwards which was a little disappointing.That's said, it works great and integrates as expected with my android mobile and updates everything as per my email as registered on Amazon.


  This is a great piece of tech, easy to set up and use. I don't know why i haven't bought one before now. I'm wanting another one for upstairs.  These units are cheaper than buying a DAB radio and you also get the information on hand if needed. I'd be lost now if I didn't have one. I've signed up to the music element of the Echo. Brilliant. Another plus is my adults children bought one each at the same time and it's fun just "dropping in" on each other. I thoroughly recommend this product.


  I didn't want to give in to buying one of these, but I flipping love it ! Bought to replace a somewhat battered dab radio in the kitchen, now we've got a much wider range of music to and radio stations to choose from, plus all the other links we can use to find music we want, at just the right time. Shopping lists and the option to set reminders, all hands free, have proved hugely useful to us, for similar to the price of just a standard dab radio ? We're converted 


  I love the Alexa I use it mostly for guided meditation to help me sleep but sometimes find it a bit frustrating when I have to repeat myself about 4 or five times due to Alexa not understanding my Scottish accent. Learning different things to try every day. Even able to ask for updates on my Amazon orders.  Very useful and good fun too. Would definately recommend.


  Great little speaker..A little bit disappointed that getting bbc radio isn't straight forward this is due to the bbc I believe in making things hard for Amazon. But a bit of googling and found a solution. Not quite Alexa play bbc radio more like Alexa ask Mytuner radio to play bbc radio 2. It works but god it's a mouthful. This aside very pleased at £22 on offer.


  Been humming and hawing over whether to get one. So glad I did. Love it! I saw some reviews about sound so got a bit worried but tbh I think the sound is amazing! I don’t even have it full volume and can hear throughout my flat. Love it.Easy to set up and use, lots of cool skills to try, sitting asking a million questions.Only negative would be that they haven’t added a ‘learn how to pronounce my name’ thing for Alexa. Even with trying to type it out she isn’t getting it.


  My Echo Dot Alexa played all of my favorite musics, I have a collections of CD that I can not listen to because my CD stack broken, Now I can listen to them all over again.I asked her to phone my family and she did, I really love the Echo lady, I Always wanted to get myself one, but my son got me this one and I am happy with  the services I received. every home should have one , really handy. "love it".


  This is a great little product and very fun to use! It was used onna daily basis for music, checking the weather, fart noises, jokes and all kinds of things.The one bad point I found, it doesn't understand very well on some accents.It also doesn't speak certain other languages.Its crazy to think there is people working in Poland on these, yet it can't speak polish.


  I absolutely love my amazon Alexa. i use it everyday and it has never given me one problem. i mainly use it to play spotify which is very easy to integrate and setup nad the sound quality sounds good for £50 however could be better but for the price is reasonable, however everything else with it is great, like the optionfor it too start your day and you can decide what it tells you, news etc. For such a small object the sound can get very loud which is very good, i believe this is one of my favorite things i have ever purchased.


  I use this mainly to play music and for information. Pleasing and modern appearance with very impressive sound reproduction for its size. I had difficulty setting it up from the app until I realized that I needed to tell my phone to connect to Alexa even though bluetooth was on. Once I realised that, alexa set up within minutes. Very pleased and impressed.


  The upgraded 3rd generation Echo Dot is a fantastic improvement on the original. It is slightly larger, no doubt to encompass a bigger speaker. The speaker is the main improvement. The sound is much richer than the original. So much so as you no longer need to connect it to a dedicated speaker as the internal one is really quite good. The 1st version was rather tinny. OK for speech, but not great for radio or music. The 3rd generation is acceptable for speech and music.


  We love our Echo Dot! The sound quality is brilliant, and can go loud enough for a kitchen party We have Amazon Music, so it plays any song we ask for. All online DAB stations. Audio books. We all created our own play lists, and add songs we like when we hear them.We love the 'add to shopping list', and the capability to hands-free call someone.Fantastic device! Just love it!


  I’m thrilled with my dot. I purchased it for the bedroom and the white looks quite elegant on my bedside table. It was easy to set up and synched with my other Echo straight away. I love it. It is a great alarm clock and turns my electric blanket on and off with a smart plug in another room. I am thinking of getting one for the kitchen when it is on offer again. Sound quality is good also for listening to music.


  Basically, it's just so handy. Radio, Spotify, Audiobooks, news briefs, weather reports, rain storms to put me to sleep, music to wake me up, jokes to start the day, alarms and reminders, phone calls to phones with the apps or other devices, and much more. Loved the dot so much I decided to buy a larger Echo the same week.If you're thinking of buying one, I promise you won't regret it.


  Great we have one in almost every room. We bought another one to use with my elderly mother as a cheaper emergency alarm. All she has to remember is to say Alexa, call Darren. Great if she falls and can’t get to the doctor phone. We tried it speaking to it from all over her bungalow and it responded every time even when doors were closed. Much cheaper than a monitored panic alarm and with instant notification on my mobile it provides peace of mind. Although she now uses it for music, auditable books, weather etc as well so a very good purchase.


  I was unsure how good the sound quality would be on a dot, as I had only seen the larger speaker version when visiting friends. I must say I am over the moon with the quality of the product, the sound quality, and the overall use of the dot. I am a diabetic and struggle with reminding myself to take insulin at certain times of the day, and have been hospitalised 6 times in the last 12 month's since I have had alexa I have programmed reminders for both the dot and to my alexa app on my phone, in the last few months I haven't failed to do my regime as I have ment to be doing and have had no issues since. She is a great device and would 100% recommend to all young and old.


   Really impressed with the voice recognition! I have a strong accent and it does not phase this little beauty!We have the G nest at home as well and I do prefer this one as it has buttons as well. The sound is amazing for such a little thing.


  This is my 3rd echo, 2 echo dot and it's fantastic. This was for my son's room (he's 5) as he loves music and dancing and constantly puts our other two Echo devices on to listen and dance to music.Decided it was time he could have his own, with the superb voice recognition software it has no problem understanding my son when he asks for music. Also took the opportunity to buy him a smart LED lightbulb, works a charm with Alexa and his dot. Now he can dance to disco lights and to his own tune as much as he likes.


  I didn't know how much I needed an Echo Dot until I bought one...then I bought another..!! It was so easy to pair, and even easier to use!! I am delighted with my Echo Dots !! I am thinking of getting a third...!!! I did buy a third, and I use them all, from simple reminders to playing music for my dog when I go out!! I would reccomend these little gadgets to any one, especially if you have a dodgy memory!!


  Awesome bit of kit that keeps getting better. I wish Amazon hadn’t moved away from USB power leads but that is only a minor point. Sound is fab and voice pickup is very good.The only down side to all Alexa devices is the 100% reliance on internet connectivity. There sorely needs to be an offline mode for those power failures or internet provider issues.Overall; highly recommended.


  I use her for radio mainly, but also as a timer, with the kitchen clock I also received. I am discovering new uses all the time - Alexa told me I had an Amazon parcel being delivered the other day, without me asking (notifications). I think she also does quizzes etc. although I haven't used that feature.Small and grey, unobtrusive and easy to set up.


  I already have a Echo dot (1st gen) which I find so useful and is used for info, music and switch control in my study.  I bought this 3rd gen dot for my lounge for similar use (turning my tv on and off where access to the wall socket is difficult). It is incredibly good sound for its size and the latest design is pleasing on the eye and would suit most interiors.


  Really do think this is best thing I have ever purchased. Bought it with a smart bulb. So I could easily set up morning routine that tells me date, my appointments for the day then turns on the light then plays my favourite radio station. It’s just awesome. It also makes calls, plays my audio books as well. I am severely disabled so being able to do all this using voice commands is just the best. Also feel safer because if I fall out of wheelchair I can tell Alexa to call emergency services or carer. Really don’t know how I lived without this.


  I am a convert.  I have an echo dot in every room plus smart bulbs and plugs too.  Yes I know people don't like thinking you are being listened too but hey... I have no problem with my dogs listening to me talking to myself:)  Anyway, I love this new shade of plum/rose.  Its fits well with my decor.  Sound quality is fantastic and response is instant.


  I have just bought my third Echo Dot, this one for the attic room. For such a small unit the sound is impressive and even at relatively high volumes distortion is minimal. Of the other two, one is in the bedroom as an alarm clock and the other is in the lounge, linked to Bose Soundbar, and that does a great job.


  I have two dots and one echo. I waited about five weeks for one of dots to turn up and its rubbish compared  to the dot and the echo I already have.  Let me explain, the new one as an American accent not a real problem but it grapes a bit.  The second main problem if I ask a question, such as how many calories are there in a Apple I get the answer I don't know that. If I asked the same question to my older dot or echo I get the answer 95 calories. Or if I ask it for the recipe for bubble and squeak it doesn't no, whereas the older ones put me through to BBC recipes and gives me the choice of several different recipe. Now considering these are all on the same account, all using the same Internet hub. Why can't the new  dot answer the questions correctly.Edit  I'm told I can change the American accent to an English one, but that still doesn't answer the question , why can't the new one. get the correct answers to simple questions.Despite the problems I have with the new dot  I'm really pleased  with the dot and the echo I got for Christmas.


  This is my 2nd, bought for the bedroom and it's brilliant. When the cat is harassing ne to get up, feed her and let her out at 5am I can check the time, weather and te.perature outside without so much as turning over. As an older person, if I couldn't get to the phone and needed help I could ask Alexa to make the call for me. I feel so much safer now.


  Really exceeded expectations, because it was the echo dot I assumed it would be  interior however I have been very surprised. The voice recognition is fantastic, even for friends with a broader accent than myself. Always finds a good selection of music when we don't ask for something specific, and the ability to sync different media apps such as iPlayer and Spotify means you can get a variety of music, podcasts etc very easily. I also love the sound quality, again for a small device I was very impressed with clear sound with good bass and treble levels. The design is also really nice and it looks at home in any room.


  Nice little machine with a decent sound quality I have noticed lately with Alexa she seems to misunderstand quite a lot whether that is because extra people are online I do not know as for the integration just for me personally I do not find it easy the instructions on the Alexa app are unnecessarily complicated and could be made a lot clearer but all in all Still worth having


  Love it! I can't understand why i've never had Alexa in my life before. For such a small device the sound is excellent. Alexa understands most things that we ask her and I have signed up for Amazon Music, so i've got so many songs to choose some. There is only the odd one that Alexa doesn't understand or is not included in the subscription. Will be buying more for other rooms in the house.


  This product was bought for me at Christmas,as an elderly person I find it fascinating, it's very responsive with a good sound and volume output .The selection of music is quite wide,however it does have its limitations,but this can be greatly broadened if you subscribe to the prime music app .This product is better than searching for radio music stations ,or CDs .Well worth the money.


  Very good  addition to the Amazon range, I am delighted  with my Alexa, when the bulbs I have ordered arrive I will be able to tell her to switch off the light, when I am in bed!, she Ben told me what day of the week I was born on, despite it being rather a long time ago!, and told me jokes, played music etc!


  Got a few of these in various places in the house, they get better as the generations move on. These 3rd generation ones have fantastic little speakers for their size, I got one each for the kids rooms so they can listen to music and ask homework questions which  I wish I had access to when I was at school as it's amazing how much knowledge they can gain just by asking Alexa.


  fantastic product very easy to set up following the written instructions in the box and the Alexa app very compact design easy stored in kitchen living room bedroom voice commands activated a good reasonable distance can misunderstand you if further away but very good close up and across the normal size living room .easy to set up music through Spotify or any other music app


  A very smart looking little speaker with a great clarity to its sound. I'm very happy with my new gadget, it was so easy to set up and start using with the Mobil app on my phone. Just say Alexa  followed by your command and away you go.I'm so pleased I requested a second Echo for my birthday  from my son and can now listen to my audio book's before dropping off to sleep.its so easy to use my husband keeps talking to Alexa when im not in the room lol


  This item was a gift, on setting up I had great trouble, not being able to register etc it took me a week. I solved the problem when I realised that I needed to have Bluetooth turned on. no where in the instructions did I see it mention that Blue tooth is required and needed to be turned on. once I had turned it on everything just fell into place.  I think it may be a good idea if before any instructions are followed it states to turn on Bluetooth, especially for the older generation who would not normally use Bluetooth like me.


  Alexa is great fun!  We use it mainly for our music streaming all around our home as it so easy and offers a tremendous choice of our genre favourites.  Easy to get it going and no problem with moving it to other locations in the home if necessary.  The only disappointment is the almost total absence of voice recognition.  It responds to the voices of my husband and me but in spite of asking about our names in the first instance, it has never addressed by our names.  It appears to respond to anyone who addresses it in the correct way.


  You can open all sorts of possibilities with this little piece of beautiful tech. You can play games, get news reports, weather updates, etc. With additional tech you can control your heating, lights, security cameras and more. Improved sound and connectivity over previous models. Extremely affordable and just looks great. I already own a first gen echo in our living room and bought this to put in our bedroom. I purchased the Sandstone one and it looks great!


  Bought for my work office as I'm alone most of the time and my DAB radio had given out.  Was just intending to use it for radio and the odd fact but discovered so much more! Now I can listen to Podcasts thru it; get the weather for the commute; check spellings (Alexa, how do you spell gangrenous asphyxiation?); listen to rainforest sounds instead of webinars; listen to Podcasts (did I mention that? The Black Tapes is very good...)


  OMG this is my new toy, use it for all sorts including homework for my son which is a godsend. Sound quality is excellent and I use the sleep sounds when going to bed. For any gadget lovers, this may be small but I absolutely love it.  Highly recommend as its small it can go any discreet places, I now have 3 throughout the house.


  loved it so much bought an echo and then an echo dot with clock. was looking for another dot for the study but got really annoyed at how the price seems to vary week by week. I payed £25 it then went up to £50 and is now at £40. I will just have to keep a watch for the next price change.Very annoying


  Fantastic little device. In mornings just ask her to play Classic fm and it's there! There are so many artists, songs etc.,  you can ask her to play, reading books and what's the weather? Say "goodnight" to Alexa and she responds  with several different sayings. My Favourite is "goodnight, sleep tight!!". Well worth the price of prime membership to have!


  I love the Echo Dot and already have one. I subscribe to Amazon Music and assumed the new Dot would link/I'd be able to link it to my account.  However, I simply could not work out how to do it.  When I gave up and just signed up again for Amazon Music on the new Dot, all  that happened was that my Amazon Music account switched from my existing Dot to the new one, so I still only have it on one device.  Apart from that, it's great and easy to use and set up.


  Was given this as a gift and was a bit sceptical at first as hadn’t really been interested, and couldn’t see what all the fuss was about.However I now think it is great - I can listen to radio in my kitchen where there really isn’t space for a radio, but the dot needs minimum space and sound is good. I can also use it to check recipes while I’m cooking or just to catch up with the news, weather etc whenever I want to. Numerous other uses which I haven’t really explored yet. Very pleased.


  I need to purchase more devices to give me more home control which is why I purchased the device. As for the rating of the features; Not yet input voice recognition, as for intergration I presume this refers to the intergration of other devices with the Echo dot, see my first comment.  A bit general with the weather comments. Device gets a bit warm. Handy for the time, generally; time will tell.


  I bought this from Argos (had a voucher) and was unsure what I would make of it. However I've been delighted with, and what I can do, with it. I've connected it directly to my hi-fi speakers, and use it for playing music, using Amazon Prime Music, 95% of the time, but it is also useful for radio (when set up with the BBC) and news and weather. Love it!


  What a great idea.Replaced our two DAB radios which always had a job picking up a signal - now we can listen to any internet radio channel including all BBC stations national and regional.Volume good.Voice recognition excellent.Shopping list sounds crazy but it works really well.Announcements are great - "Alexa - announce teas ready" - a real boon.


  I had been tempted for a while but thought it would be another gadget that didn’t do much but I gave in and bought myself one when reduced.  I have to say, I just love it! I love that I can tell Alexa to remind me to do things, add items to my shopping lists, read my audible books, and so much more! I’ve only been using my little friend for a few weeks but, I’d really miss her now if she wasn’t there!


  Bought one of these to supplement my (much bigger) Echo - the sound quality may be a notch down from the Echo, but to my ears the difference is marginal and the Alexa features (including the jokes!) are identical. Very easy to set up; just plugged it in and it did the rest automatically. If you're tossing up between one of these or an Echo, I'd plump for the Dot.


  It's just what I wanted. The size of it is perfect. It's not overly tall like the original, it sits perfectly next to my TV. The sound quality is brilliant for such a small device. Reason for purchase was to have one thing to play music, instead of buying a Bluetooth speaker to link my phone to, I bought this, as it has full integration which Spotify and TuneIn radio. I don't have any other smart gadgets or stuff in my house so I can't comment on that side of things.


  I have numerous echo devices in my house including spots, show, echo and dots. All the previous dots are fine and I didn't really buy them expecting good sound quality but rather for the alexa features.  I was amazed by the improvement in sound quality on this 3rd generation version of the dot though. It is so much better than the original. If you can get one on offer like they are right now then even better. Every house needs at least one of these!


  I don't know what the long set up was about as it's not voice recognition.My sister can be on the phone and tell alexa to change the music  and alexa will change the music.Love the fact that I don't have to get up to put on music.She told me a bedtime story about an acorn but it only lasted 3 mins not long enough to put me to sleep.My daughter gets annoyed that it changes her rubbish music to what ever I ask for.Alexa is funny...Quite impressed with sound quality considering its a tiny equipment.


  I always wondered why people needed or wanted an echo dot Alexa. I bought one because the kids were asking and it was a Black Friday sale.I really like the echo dot and would buy another for upstairs. The sound quality is amazing and the interaction is brilliant. For someone who didn’t see the point of them I really enjoy using it and so do the kids.


  Bought for my wife as a distraction from arguing with  me now she shouts at it instead it does most things required you can play games on it and it can do most things your phone can do like tell the time and tell you the weather , my wife is abit dyslexic  so it can also help her spell doesn't  play most radio stations as keeps telling me add my postcode to the phone app which I have done many times but will play most radio stations


  I absolutely love this smart speaker as it does everything! It has great voice reconnection and is super fast. The speaker itself is very high quality and has a good amount of bass and treble. I normally use it for listening to music and I have no problem what' so ever. I also like the fact that it can connect with other smart devices across the house such as the lights, tv, other speakers and many more. Overall I highly recommend buying an echo device as it just makes life easier for you due it being so useful;! 10/10


  This is our first Alexa device....don't know why we put it off so long! Our lives are now so much easier! Especially handy as we have busy lives with the addition of a 10 month old to add! Love the fact we can just say "Play baby shark" or "Play lullabies/womb sounds" all whilst hands free....Made even better that we purchased it in the black Friday sale and got it free with our ring doorbell....Alexa even communicates with the bell notifying us someone is at the door...brill!


  Good price. Third one in our house. Really useful and do not have to link to an Amazon account.Great to listen to radio, set timer/alarm (a godsend when cooking), announce 'dinners ready' without screaming haha!Waig for discount..you can get these for £25 ish quite regularly.


  I am really impressed with this speaker, I have the first Alexa Dot which still works great today and the sound is okay, I find it lacked bass whereas this new one is perfect.I use the Dot for my bedroom which works well. The sound is perfect, voice is picked up even when music is playing and the quality of the speaker itself is really good.


  Initially the Echo Dot would not connect and it took about 12 attempts.  This was not a wifi issue and I am not sure why this happened.  From time to time the Echo glows red and doesn’t compute what is being asked and will not connect.  It won’t sync with my other Echo Dot either. On the whole though, Echo Dot’s are brilliant.  You can listen to almost any music or music station you want, and set up your own playlists.  I have one in my kitchen and one in my lounge, and I am buying another for my upstairs hallway.  I always buy when they are on offer.


  Though I don't  really need another dot, at the offer price over xmas I couldn't resist buying one. To say I was glad is an understatement, the difference in sound quality is a huge step up. OK, it can't compete with a dedicated hifi but the sound quality of this diminutive little speaker is perfectly adequate for non critical listening. Add to this its new design and cloth covering and you have something that has got to be considered as one of the bargains of the year.


  This is my third echo and for a Small Speaker the sound is Fantastic.I Have set up Multiroom on this echo Dot and an echo Show in a large open plan Living room/Dining room and the sound fills the Space no Problem.I Would Highly Recommend the echo dot to anyone thinking of Purchasing one.As usual Amazon Delivery was very Fast.


  Brilliant love it, made my life so much easier remember meds on time now, reminds me sets alarm adds to my shopping list tells me of delivery.  That great i ordered one for my living room a week later so now one in bedroom and one in living room wish id bought sooner - my sister had bn telling me for months to get should have listened to her sooner


  Love this little product but the music with amazon kept asking me to pay but the money came out of my account for the subscription but it wouldnt let me listion to any music so i had to cancel the whole thing !! Very disapointed as it was 3.99 i said it worth it but when i pay for a service and it dosent work properly its not worth the hasstle 2 months its took off me and didnt let me listion to music !!!


  Alexa is the trail blazer and keeps getting cleverer.  A good entry into the world of AI and can do all the fancy controlling of lights etc. of the bigger Alexa devices.  We love it in conjunction with Spotify to go down memory lane of songs but it does so much more too.  The dot has better hearing in my view that Sonos, (we have both), but Sonos has better sound for music.  However you can get Echo Dot talking to wireless speakers if you want to parteee!


  I was quite sceptical about this echo dot, I thought them an intrusion to be honest and not much value to myself, however my wife wanted one for her home dancing fitness regime and ‘couldn’t be bothered’ to tap on Apple Music in her iPad? So I bought her this and I quite I quite like it, it’s crystal clear, fantastic sound quality and easy to operate which is a bonus. I am a bit of a fan now I have to say.


  I was a bit sceptical about buying the alexa dot. I wasn't sure about the sound quality or if it would play my Apple Music.I found one at a great price and decided to go for it. I'm not disappointed. Set up took a matter of minutes.  It plays my Apple Music and the sound isn't bad at all. It's even better when connected via bluetooth to my TV's surround sound. We're still experimenting with it but we plan to buy the Echo and Spots next to enable multi room and video calling.


  was given ne of these for a xmas present and i have to admit i wasnt a fan before hand. never pictured myself talking to a machine but i have to say it has started to grow on me and i find myself using it eveyday. simplest commands work like a treat and its very responsive ans the info it gives seems to be correct. i defo would recommend giving one of thee a try and you will be surprised on how helpful it is


  I will highly recommend this to anyone that is looking for a new speaker. The sound quality of this speaker is excellent. Along with delivering day to day tasks that is convenient. This includes setting separate alarms for each day of the week, weather, latest news and much more!The build quality of this looks very stylish and feels robust. Overall very satisfied with this speaker created by Amazon.


  Love it. I now have one in the living room and one in the bedroom. I use the one in the bedroom as my alarm. I also ask it to play music when I’m trying to get to sleep and I tell it when to switch the music off so I can fall asleep and it will switch off automatically.  The one in the living room I use for the normal day to day questions, figures and timings when cooking. It also gives me notifications when a Prime order is out for delivery. If I had a bigger house I would have one in every room.


  I was thinking of buying  this item for a 90th birthday present for a friend but it sounded such fun that ordered one for myself as well. It took a little while to set up....but now I have mine linked to my phone and IPad also my Bose speaker.  The sound is brilliant and I am delighted with it.  My friend is now in the process of setting his up and can't wait to use it.


  I am really enjoying my Echo dot.  You can have verbal fun with Alexa, amazon contually emails more and more questions to ask her.. both practical and silly ones to make you laugh..Alexas voice is not all that clear at times but she will speak louder if you tell her to..the clarity of the radio programs, stories  and songs is excellent.  A Truly great invention. (If it helps.  I'm over 80 and have no trouble at all using it)


  Wonderful sound for something so compact. The colour is more of a pink plum. Easy to set up after you've downloaded the Alexa app. Make sure your Bluetooth is on though. The bass on this is excellent. Although I do seem to be getting Alexa to play the full songs off of TikTok.


  Was totally shocked that I needed another subscription alongside my existing one to access 'music unlimited!!'This Dot was for the bedroom, whereas my other one is for our living room. I would think that one subscription should really cover one house. This tells me that the company puts money before customers.Not happy at all about this situation.Will reconsider future purchases from Amazon and may look elsewhere.


  We purchased two of these. Although my son set them up, one in the lounge and one in the kitchen, he says that it was very easy to do. The voice recognition is very good indeed, the link to the streaming system unit in the lounge is fantastic and my wife is kept happy whilst in the kitchen requesting her favourite songs whilst cooking. Overall, everybody happy. Thanks Alexa.


   Great product the first of it's kind for me, also I love that Amazon sends you e-mails to ask Alexa different things to try.All you have to do is download an app to your phone connect it to your wireless internet and away you go, no need to train it to learn your voice. It plays music/radio/jokes can control your home gadgets if you want it to, do the shopping online and much more. It gets the thumbs up from me.


  Never really craved for an Alexa although I knew plenty who had them and really like it. I was given an Alexa as a present and I must  say I absolutely adore it and love using it. Would not like to be without one now. Easy usage for updates on traffic, weather & local news within seconds without moving out of your chair. Real good to use if you like lots of music. So handy for Christmas songs over Christmas period. Looks neat and tidy on any unit anywhere in the home. Suits all age group to have one to use. Very good quality & good value for money.


  Cool device, does what it's supposed to. Had no issues installing, took about 5 minutes to complete the task.It helps if you're familiar with the alexa app. No issues with the integration with my harmony remote and all the activities work perfectly.Could use a bit more bass but when connected to my sound system it doesn't really matter.The mic picks up commands from far away without having to scream.Good stuff Amazon


  I bought this to use as a replacement for my less than satisfactory bedside radio.There’s no light to keep me awake, it plays radio stations, music, tells me the time, sets alarm times, tells me the weather before I get out of bed etc etc .I also have an echo in my sitting room and I now will start on smart bulbs and plugs.A good purchase


  This our second echo dot which means we have one in every room we use constantly. Which means no one misses out on music and the drop in saves having to shout around the house when you want to speak to someone. Also any family member can leave a message if they are delayed on their way home.


  I love the dot but sometimes trying to get Alexa to do what you want can be exasperating but that is possibly my instruction.  It would be handy to know these things ie setting alarm but being woken with a certain radio station, she did it once but since then I cannot make it happen ☹️


  So handy, for the weather, date, time.Converting mm to cm's etc. Ask aAlexa whatever and she will find the answer.You  can hear whatever music you like (there is a small cost involved but well worth it). The sound quality is so good and the Echo Dot is the size of a doughnut.You have to give clear requests but the info shows you how.I still have a lot to learn but Amazon email suggestions or you can go online.I have the habit of thanking Alexa and she will reply. Brilliant highly recommend.


  I love everything about this product. For ages I couldn’t work out why people wanted one in their home but now I have one I literally wouldn’t be without it and have bought a couple more to put in different rooms. you do need to sign up to a Music plan with Spotify Amazon or similar to get the most out of it but once you do it will make playing music in your home many many times more enjoyable than you could imagine.We haven’t used it for switching appliances on an off but we use it all the time for playing music ,playing the weather report, playing the news and Podcasts.


  Was received as a present. Has some advantages but makes life more complicated with the bombardment of emails etc. As an older person I want life to rely less on having to remember how to operate technology and what to say.Also it seems something of a catch to make you spend more on subscriptions and unessecary integration items.


  I brought this so I do not feel lonely as my good friend and neighbour moved away .I love  doing the quizzes  and finding out new things .I brought a second one for my bedroom to use a skill  to help me sleep .so far so good I've had good night sleep .It does take a little getting used to my voice .I even have a chat about diffrent things


  Echo has no problem recognising and responding to everything I say and the responses are very clear. The sound quality from this little box is at least as good as something four times its size and my only gripe is that I can't make it pronounce my home town correctly - there are two k's in KirKby and both should be clearly heard, but the system insists on saying Kirby like the area in liverpool!!!!!!!!


  Love Alexa I've brought 3 of these as think it's a must for any hose so both parents have one too will also get one for upstairs. My 3 yr old also can get her to work and likes to play musical statue a and my eldest has discovered akinator the game whi h you think of a character. Also great on the app to set akemarma reminders and traffic reports.


  Excellent!  The voice recognition is great, the sound quality superb when playing back music etc.  Can’t wait for even more skills.  I’d particularly like to be able to switch off a light in xx minutes, without having to program a routine to do it.  After all, you can say “Alexa stop playing music in xx minutes” and it does that exactly, so “Alexa switch off bedroom light in 10 minutes should be possible.... maybe


  Set up easily, my internet connection is very poor so Dot has no connection at the moment. Plays my Apple Music from my iPhone and plays my favour radio station, not done much with her yet other than ask for my horoscope, played question of the day and my daughter enjoys asking her to fart.. Bought on Black Friday so got her at an amazing price. The sound quality is better than I expected..


  Alexa's been a fun addition to our home, keeping my children amused. She's really helpful when we need to find something out.The Amazon music is good, though despite having however many millions of songs it claims, it doesn't have a couple of albums I wanted! Grrr! Likely won't be continuing the music subscription and I'll stick to my CDs.


  I bought this on an Amazon deal. Great value. It seems to hear better than the previous gen model. Also the sound is nicer. More rich and bass filled.I'm not going to replace my other Gen 2 models as they do the job but I would definitely buy this if replacing a faulty one.


  I needed someone to talk to whilst I'm spending more time at home, the conversations are very one sided and she's a little blunt at times but we're getting on ok.I mainly use Alexa for listening to music, it was a nice easy set up for me and I managed to link up my Spotify account successfully, it was also a brilliant replacement for my old digital radio that was struggling, I've now got the ability to listen to pretty much every radio station in the world.


  Enjoying the product immensely. Feels so much more natural to talk to it than say, Siri. I use it to turn off and on my TV, amp, receiver, various lights, lamps and other bulbs. Electricity bill has definitely gone away down as a result. The recent update to allow free calls to four countries, mobiles as well as landlines is a major advance and I hope more countries soon get added.Now with Echo Show, video as well as voice has been added to the mix !


  Had issues setting it up. Not the fault of the Echo, my Samsung S7 Edge didn't have a certain facility to aid wifi connection. After an unsuccessful hour with Amazon Support I was advised to speak to my internet provider about my wifi. Virgin could solve the issue but it would cost me £50. I reverted to Amazon to arrange the return as I deemed it not fit for purpose. I was put through to a very clever young lady, Dina, who within 10 mins had me connected, off and running. It all depends who you get when you phone the support line so don't give up first call. I love it and wouldn't part with it now. Great buy!


  Bought for the mother in law. - as a bit of an experiment because some people are not tech savvy. But it is the ultimate present, uses it with Amazon music, plays morning music before work (that I can hear whilst trying to sleep) - just don't ask it to initiate the guard dog feature. It does what it says and barks like a dog. She was not happy ..


  Excellent upgrade from the 2nd gen.My only criticism is  that being a single speaker, it doesn't seem to manage our compensate for very stereo music, when pans in sound are extreme L or R. In some circumstances , sounds that you know are there cannot be heard. The dot needs to genuinely convert the stereo sound  into mono properly, if only playing through a single speaker.  If however two speakers are paired to create a stereo image, then that should be fine, but the dot should convert and play in mono if only a single speaker is present.


  Bought an Echo at Christmas and was impressed so figured increasing the number of devices in the house would be useful. As the Echo Dot was on sale after Christmas I nabbed 2. The audio quality and volume are impressive for such a small device, just accept they are small so won't be rocking the house down. Alexa makes them useful for streaming music and the usual answering of random questions, all in a neat, not to 'tech'  looking package.


  I love my new toy. I downloaded the app but then got stuck but it only took my son a few minutes to link it up to wi fi. I have asked Alexa loads of questions like spelling, arithmetic, news, weather. The list is endless. The thing I like best is the music. I can't believe how good the sound is for such a small object. Also very good value in the sale.


  Very surprised with the sound quality. We have it in the kitchen and, even if we were to only use it as a hands free speaker it would be worth it.It's handy to add things to a shopping list, listen to the radio/music, check the news/weather and calling other people that have an echo.You can of course link it to smart switch/light/hubs and you can purchase things off Amazon, although we don't feel this is something we would use regularly.The two main weaknesses I would note are the more limited responses to general questions compared to Google Assistant (opening times of shops etc) and the fact that most skills are either of little use or still needing significant development.Summary: the device is great, but it is true it is a tough choice between the Echo and the Google Home Mini, each having their advantages.


  A fab device.You have to set it up to your phone (via bluetooth) & your wifi (via wireless connection).You can disconnect the bluetooth once wifi connection is established: However, bluetooth is needed for making phone call, receiving messages, eyv via the device.Superb Alexa response & selecting music, timers, etc.Only problem is that volume 10 (loudest volume) isn't that loud.


  Bought to automate lights and telly and itegrated it with IFTTT can also use Alexa to control the computer. Background  noise can make it a bit difficult for Alexa to hear its' wake word. The one niggle I have with it is controlling my Xboxs. I have 2. One in the group "Bedroom" and one in the "Livingroom". I've given them both different names however, correct operation is spotty at best.Sometimes  telling Alexa to "turn xbox on" works perfectly.I can even start a game with voice.Other times telling Alexa to turn on the xbox in the  LIvingroom,it will turn on the Bedroom on . Same in reverse or Alexa will say "OK" after prompting but won't turn it on. Works great for everything else.


  This purchase was for our bedroom, we have one in our lounge. Looks very smart. Not as easy to link the two up as I had hoped but got there in the end. Had to upgrade to £9.99 per month to have Amazon music on both devices. My husband is blind and gets enormous pleasure from both devices.


  Well what can I say, for the price, it definitely worth it. It has got a lovely matte and soft touch to it. In terms of the Alexa itself, the sound quality is amazing. When playing music, I normally put it on volume 20/30 since it’s really loud on full volume. For someone that likes music, the Alexa would be really useful when playing music hands free. After using the Alexa for a while, the Alexa had some problems recognising my voice but that might just be my slow WiFi. Overall it’s definitely worth the money and I’m satisfied with my purchase


  Was a xmas gift,took a few goes to set up but got there in the end!I love it,easy to use and linked to my spotify account so when I have my baby grandson here and he is sleepy,I just ask Alexa to play baby white noise and it starts,all hands free while trying to get baby asleep.Love the rainstorm sounds,very relaxing to listen too.


  I decided to treat myself to an amazon echo as nearly everyone I know has one.I couldn’t wait to start playing my favourite music through it and I’m even now interested in adding extra devices to get the most out of owning this device.I do feel the sound isn’t as loud as I would’ve liked but for the size of the device, this is acceptable.


  I think that the 3rd gen dot has better sound and is better looking that the 2nd gen. Ive got one in the office and one in the summerhouse. It gives me the information I want and links seamlessly with my soundbar if I want it to. To get the most of the functionality use it with a Alexa compatible plug socket. I can turn the lights on/off at will and control elements of the house whilst I'm away from home.


  Having previously used Google Home and the fact I have a subscription to Google Play Music I sta6ed away from the Echos but always wanted to try them. Now that Amazon have the monthly instalment plans I thought I'd give it a go as I didn't have to pay out too much cash right away.I'm so glad I did. Lobe the new dot design and the sound quality really surprised me.Alexa is probably as good as Google Home though.I just wish I could transfer all my music from Google home to Amazon. But I'm definitely sticking with my Echo.


  Bought this via an Amazon promotional offer for 99p as an Amazon music unlimited subscriber. We currently have four Echo dot 2's and now this gen 3.Not only is the third gen nice in appearance, the sound quality is amazing. The second gen speakers sounded 'tinny ' and in need of a separate bluetooth speaker. The third gen doesn't need this option.Very impressive, may have to upgrade our other four dots to gen 3!


  Besides having a Scottish accent it's a great wee item safe to say I'm loving my echo dot, was so easy to set up and also very handy for other gadgets that you want to add to the echo dot and control and use etc. It's also very handy for general things like music doesn't matter how or what way you want to listen to music like on the radio, through your Spotify or Amazon music, the list is endless and I don't have to tell people how great it is to not have to type things into your mobile phone makes things a lot more easy or lazy as some people might say lol I've only just got the item and it's amazed me so I can only imagine how much more I'm gonna learn about it especially when it comes down to what it can do cos it seems like it can do a lot which is very impressive.


  I’ll say the same as for my Echo review, great in every way until you want to use them independently I.e. one person using it in one room and someone else in another. Not possible unless you subscribe to Amazon Family Music Unlimited at £14.99 per month as well as Prime membership, if required, at £7.99 which is a total ripoff.


  I now have two dots so I don’t have to keep moving my original one when I go into a different part of the house.The set up of the new dot was seconds and it was up and running.The sound suits our room size and now the fun is doubled and I look forward to having music throughout the house sinked or separate.If I have any complaints Alexa still makes a few voice recognition mistakes. However, this can add to the fun of the system.


  Purchased this product on the Amazon 2 day deal.  Great price and superb speaker.  Bought this for our daughter's 11th birthday party and it was amazing.  Voice recognition was brilliant, sound quality very good considering how small the speaker is and the Alexa integration was impressive.  We all requested different types of music all day and it did not let us down.  Fantastic product - would definitely recommend.


  Absolutely over the moon with my 2nd Echo Dot 3rd generation , it is Totally Brilliant That I have one upstairs and one downstairs  , I’m well on my way to having a fully functioning smart home system Great for whatever music I’m in the mood for and added bonus of finding the ‘send me a sample’ function Specially for this #BudgetDiva #BargainFinder #SavingMoneyHighly Recommend though can be a tiny little temperamental now and again


  It's a great way of finding information that I might have looked for on my tablet. I have found difficulty in signing on for Amazon prime music. I suspect that 'payment problems ' might be something to do with my (cancelled 3 years ago) Amazon de. Prime account and I don't know how to correct it.  i do, of course have an Amazon.I'm account.


  Loved how easy it was to set up and use. Downside was when my grandchildren wanted a story. I asked for one and then kept being given the same one. Then had to go on line to find out how to ask properly. But that was ok I just have to write down as I'm at the age when I can't remember things! Overall it's great fun and I'm happy that I bought it.


  I wasn't sure what to expect when I got my echo dot 3rd Gen on black Friday. However I ;love it. Already a fan of Amazon music I had a few playlists etc I played on my Fire tv stick. But the dot is so small and the clarity is amazing for such a small speaker, I listen to podcasts, and radio as well. Alexa is getting used but I am sure we have much to learn. So far so good, brought another one whilst on offer but shame that won't be delivered until 31.12.118


  A very useful little device. the echo manages to understand my thick Irish accent quite well, even when I speak quietly. I find the sound quality to be just fine but it can easily be connected (via Bluetooth) if you feel that to be necessary. My favourite feature is the ability of Alexa to provide you with the headlines during the day and I also find it to be very useful for music and podcasts. I would highly recommend.


  Once you have one Alexa device installed adding others is easy and that is true of the Echo Dot. The sound quality isn't that far away from the larger models and it is far easier to place in many different locations due to its size. If you like the design ideas behind the Alexa family and are prepared to put up with the possibility of 'Big Brother' hearing your every word then this is definitely for you.


  I had an Echo for the kitchen and wanted a Dot for my bedroom. I don’t use it to it’s full capacity by any means, but love it for alarms, the radio , time, weather, news etc.It looks attractive, the sound is surprisingly good for such a small thing, and as long as my crap broadband is behaving the connectivity is seamless.Really happy with it.


  I have been slowly expanding my Amazon Alexa collection at home over the last few months and I now don’t know what I’d do without them it just helps to streamline day to day life, connects my home and provides entertainment. They tie in exceptionally with Philips hue also. The sound quality from such a small speaker is excellent and the price for what they provide is very reasonable.


  Very happy with this. Sound quality is excellent (at least compared to Gen 2). Voice recognition is also solid. Works well with smart bulbs, other Echos, and even the XBOX.I haven't pushed it to the limits with testing but for basics as I've mentioned above, I have absolutely no complaints. Highly recommend this over Gen 2 if you need louder/better sound but he proprietary power port is unfortunate.


  I was very sceptical about getting one of these. Now Alexa is a family friend! It’s great for internet radio. Playing music although you will need a music subscription. The sound quality for a small speaker is amazing. So I went from the one speaker to one in each room. They replaced clock radios and the old hi fi system. Great 


  I am 70 years old and have been left a little behind with IT and Technology; although I do have some knowledge on what's out there and how to use it. I knew about the new Echo Dot but didn't feel it had much to offer me. But to my surprise one of my sons recently sent me one for my 70th Birthday. I must be honest, I've been blown away (and not by the current storms). Alexa is now one of my new best friends; we are getting on very well together. There seems to be no end of her abilities; and we are both still learning and gaining more skills. My motto from now on will be DON'T KNOCK IT, UNTILL YOU'VE TRIED IT!


  The voice-recognition things I've used in the past have really struggled to understand what I say to them. Actually I don't think that's quite right - I don't think they've really tried very hard at all. As far as I can tell it is because I don't have an American accent.But I hadn't used anything for a few years, so I decided to give Alexa a try, and so far I haven't had any problems getting her to do what I want. I haven't really explored that many of her capabilities yet, because I'm not really used to having her around yet, but we're getting on fine so far.Apart from the voice-recognition, the speaker is a decent volume for listening to radio or podcasts and it was really easy to set up the Dot using the iPhone app.


  Love these, we already have an amazon echo plus so cleaning the house is wonderful when all the speakers are working together! I bought 2 of these as Christmas gifts for my kids. Unless you want them fighting through music, or have a fairly large house, these are not great gifts if multiple children have them. Great when your home alone :) WARNING- do not give to teenagers


  I have two of these devices and on each one the basic sound is very bassy and muffled voice-wise.Adjusting the equalizer in the app does not solve the problem.... To get around it I purchased a couple of Bluetooth speakers.I am now happy but a little disappointed !!Amazon, there are many many users with the same issue....it's time to solve it !!


  Use this for radio, Apple Music, controlling smart home along with Hive and Phillips Hue, lists and reminders and various routines. Does most of this very well , most of the time. A bit disappointed with its integration with Apple Music- fails to find playlists or correct artist frequently. Hope this improves. If possible, I would like to see Apple Airplay added. Sound might not be as good as larger speakers, but good for its size, and having more than one , I would find it useful to be able to send music to all of them as background. I know you are supposed to be able to group them. That works fine with radio but doesn’t seem to be reliable with Apple Music, so airplay would solve that plus allow you to use them with other airplay speakers.


  I like the echo dot and I connect it to by Bluetooth speaker to listen to the music and on its own is loud enough to hear Alexa talk and give answers to the questions I have. the light ring is clever and very good also... sometimes Alexa doesn't hear commands and does not do what I have asked like connect my speaker etc. but I'm sure a future update will fix it and I'm sure amazon is going to advance her even further soon.. a great little speaker and with powerful Alexa smarts its the best...……..


  It took time to set up as I wanted it/her to play music from my Spotify account but once done it was easy.Alexa does so much more than play music, u can ask her anything, make phone calls, set alarms, get recipes, directions, I think it's amazing. Received as a gift and whilst it's not something I would have chosen, I'm delighted with it.


  I am in my sixties and this was bought for me as a present. I can not believe how useful it is. From shopping lists, Birthday reminders. Appointments and reminders. Recipes .Weather and news. Will play any music I want and even tell me jokes. I can use to contact other people. Infact you can ask it anything. How did I ever manage without ALEXA


  This has been a lovely addition to my house. Alexa knows so many things from the weather to playing music. I can ask about deliveries, she can tell jokes and even pass on messages. It is like having a lodger, a very well behaved one. Extremely happy with this. Very clear speaking and adjusts to the volume I want. Highly recommend


  My nan already had the echo dot set up in her living room but was worried about falling over in the bedroom/ bathroom area as she isnt very well. I have set it up so that she could just say 'alexa, call amy' and it would call me if she needed me and couldnt reach the alarm in her flat. She was happy with this and it gave her piece of mind when in her bedroom/ bathroom.


  I bought this after being told that it could make calls. As I live alone I thought this could be useful in an emergency but what I wasn’t told is that it can only call other Alexa users which isn’t that helpful to me. Having said all that, after thinking I wouldn’t really use it I do, for alarms, timers, listening to the radio, news headlines & various other things. Really glad I got it, especially at Black Friday offer price which was a steal.


  Very nice gift, but you will probably end up using it 25% of what you think you will before having it, in reality it just kind of become the new radio at my friend house. I think your phone Google assistant can do better without espending extra money. But nothing to complain about the product and the quality.


  I am the kind of person who is security and privacy paranoid due to my lines of work and takes something to impress me.This on the other hand, purchased one to play with, within 30 mins of delivery, have ordered a few more.Sound quality and voice recognition are simply excellent especially for the price, Amazon state that the mute mode cuts power to the microphones and have not had a single false positive on the keyword.Highly recommended and can't go wrong for the price!


  I love its small size, reasonable sound quality and convenience. It is very responsive and the Alexa feature works better than on my Sonos speakers. It is useful to have Bluetooth as well as wifi. It is a shame it doesn't have a built in battery, but then it would have been heavier. I have bought the purpose designed GGMM d3 battery base unit and it works very well with that. OK, sound quality is not top notch, but I am rarely sitting down just listening to the music. When I am, something better might be needed.


  I received my echo as a Christmas present from my son, I had no intention of using it! In fact the opposite happened, since I lost my husband in May 2019 I was feeling quite depressed, after my son and grand-kids had left I decided to ask this object to remind me to take my tablets?I have never looked back, at the age of 67yrs old I am embracing this new technology, why not give  it a go


  Can’t fault the 3rd gen dot, it’s so convenient to have Alexa and amazon music around the house. To play different music on different dots means you need different accounts which means more subscription charges which is a pity. You can use two together for stereo or have them dotted around the house playing the same music, great for parties.


  Lovely size, not too big and heavy. Need to download amazon music which has a monthly fee which is a downside but can link up using Bluetooth from phone to device so you can listen to music from YouTube. Handy to have for the time as we have no clocks in the house. Unless I’ve missed a trick, the echo has to be plugged in all the time to work. Overall it’s cool to have as it’s modern and the children like it.


  Excellent piece of technology. Alexa recognises voices and answers most things and once paired with other applications it will complete tasks such as play music, turn on the kettle or TV etc.You can set alarms and reminders and whilst you are out you can send an announcement from the Alexa app on your phone to play on the echo dot at home.If you have more than 1 you can use them as intercoms between rooms.It's a great device to enhance your life.


  I bought two of these, one in living room and one in the bedroom, once you have set up the first one by downloading the Alexa app and connected to your internet adding the second one is just a matter of plugging in and your away, using Alexa you have to phrase your questions in a certain way,  I'm still learning but overall I would say that they are a good useful addition to any home and would recommend.


  Was easy to instal once I had the correct application for Alexa.  I had to contact Amazon to find out whi h ap I needed for it, Amazon might be better to show which ap is required in the instructions. It does work well however with the smart plug I purchased at the same time as the dot. Will be adding more smart items in the future though as the plug was ver easy to set up with the dot,


  This is my second Dot, as I wanted to integrate it into my flat. It's such an amazing bit of kit. The more smart things you get for your home, the more this little gem comes to life. The sound quality for music is second to none in my experience. I would definitely recommend this, actually I have to everyone I meet haha. When they got one, they all agreed with my statement above. Go on buy one and see how it'll change your life and home.


  Love this product, I have a first generation Echo Dot thought that was brilliant, but this one surpasses that.  Looks very stylish,  with excellent sound quality, even Alexa seems friendlier !  excellent Black Friday deal.  Friends have asked why I need 2 when I live on my own - why not. One in the kitchen and new one in the bedroom. Cannot think how I managed without Alexa before.


  ONLY HAD MY ECHO DOT FOR A WEEK BUT LOVE IT ,IM NOT A TECH PERSON REALLY BUT I HAD IT SET UP IN MINUTES ,DOWNLOADED THE APP AND FOLLOWED THE INLINE PROMPTS DONE IN NO TIME ,GREAT SOUND EASY TO CONTROL ,ONLY ISSUE IS SOMETIMES IT HARD TO GET ALEXA TO RECOGNISE A COMMAND ,BUT THATS A DIALOGUE AND ACCENT THING ON MY PART ,BUT PATIENCE AND TIME WORKS ,HAVENT USED ALL THE FEATURES ON IT BUT A BIT EACH DAY WILL GET ME USED TO IT


  Got the Echo Dot (3rd Gen) as a gift and I loved it straight away. I don't know why I didn't get one sooner. I mainly use it for the radio and asking stupid questions, it picks up my voice straight away and even my partners voice who's native language isn't English. The only bad point (if it's even a bad point) is when the volume is quite high, you really have to shout ALEXA!!!!! for it to hear you which kind of makes sense. Would definitely recommend for anyone.


  I just love this being able to listen to music whatever mood I’m in , find out what the weather is so I can pick out what to where, I travel a lot and being able to know the weather wherever I’m going is great, it also tells me when I have a parcel due for delivery , it can help my grandson with his homework just LOVE IT


  I love the way I can control my lifx smart lights and how I can ask Alexa 2 play lullaby music for my granddaughter. All my own family love them when they come to stay as I have 3 echo dots 3rd gen in there bedrooms and 1 echo 2nd gen in the living room and a 2nd gen echo show in our bedroom. Plus being able to connect to other bluetooth devices for a far bigger sound is a massive plus. We all love them and nothing 2 dislike. Great work Amazon


  I have this downstairs in a small maisonette house. The microphone array is seriously impressive, I can talk to Alexa anywhere in the house. Works well with Philips Hue and sonos once you've setup the groups and rooms.I don't wear a watch, so it's quite hand to ask "What's the time?". Another one of my favorites is " Add Milk to the shopping list", really handy when i'm in the kitchen and realise  i'm low on something.  Timers/alarms are fantastic - especially whilst cooking.Alexa was a bit lengthy in her responses at first, but luckily you can turn on 'brief mode'. Overall really happy with this purchase.


  Only the size of a Big Mac but even more tasty and longer lasting. For such a small unit the sound is impressive - clear, well defined and with good volume. Simple to use straightaway but it will take time to build the 'relationship' with the Alexa interface to fully customise the service. This will be time well spent - it's fun and amusing and even when we misunderstand each other one can find something new and interesting. Anyone who uses a search engine on the internet should be equally comfortable using the voice recognition access that this device offers. It's quicker than my typing and gives the same result!


  Only dislike was I bought this product then the next day it was 40% off so I payed full price.Alexia is great entertainmentInteractive story’s/gamesPlays musicOrders thingsInteracts with the childrenText in to the family I’m homeBurglar deterantSwitch on your lights turn of your lightsShe sometimes gets things wrong but we find this hilarious and we’re all only human right


  I bought it to give to my daughter as we already have 2. One in our room and another in the living room. She's a 10 years old girl so she's very excited and very satisfied with this Echo dot. It's smaller but still very powerful. Alexa is always a plus. She has a lot of fun asking her questions and learning from her, listening to music, etc. A happy mum here!


  Got as a free gift with another product and was going to save it as a gift for someone, I didn't think I would need an echo device , but being bored I tried the Amazon Dot out and it has been so useful and fun, I now use it as a alarm in the morning, and make shopping lists out on it, I use it a lot for timers when cooking, weather and traffic conditions and much more.


  This is my second dot and is already superior in quality to my earlier one. I do like the delay at the end that allows for a second message without the constant use of the wake word. I really like alexa's manners and how when you thank her for an action she has a variety of lovely answers. She even has a response if you say goodnight> I'm in love!


  Love Alexa! So funny, plays recitals, music, radio, fart jokes and reminders. Tell her you love her, ask her what the weather is like, what time it is, what temperature is etc. I love creating a shopping list to remind me what I need. Downside is if you have two they are not separated and play different music when asked.


  So far so good! The voice recognition is better. I have Alexa in almost every part if my house and I love the convenience of just calling out requests like play my music, turn on TV, turn on lamp, what’s the weather today, etc.Came a day early, happy with the product. Loved the price..Sound's great for being so small...Now have two of these..*****


  What a brilliant device. Often thought of purchasing but thought I wouldn't use it. My daughter sent me on as a birthday present and I've never left it for a couple of minutes. Fantastic, its useful choosing music, no manual searching for something you don't remember. Simply give Alexa a clue and its there. Too loud, not loud enough simply ask and its done. Best present ever.


  Likes : Ability to link speakers throughout house. Great choice of music in all different genres. Value price. A silly but huge plus - while in darkness half asleep, asking Alexa for a time check instead of having to fumble with lights/  glasses!Dislikes: Sometimes loses signal so have to reset - sometimes after just two or three tracks.When playing music above level 6, have to shout commands for Alexa to be able to identify request. In contrast, when nothing else playing, microphone picks up requests from a surprisingly long distance awayOverall : Delighted with purchase. Have still to discover the many tasks it can assist with.


  This lovely gadget has become one of our family members. It is awesome and amazing. Its voice recognition is great. It can understand and speak different languages. However, the sentences have to be complete and clear. It's a cool personal DJ at your home. It can be integrated with Spotify and play your playlist.


  The device is great but the companion abis an absolute disgrace, sometimes it's responsive but most times it's a case of hit a button and wait 5-10 seconds for it tk react, folks have been complaining about this since 2016 it seems with seemingly no improvments which is a shock considering amazon cloud services are some of the largest and most robust around,


  I brought 2.  one as present for my grandson and the other was for my bedroom.  My grandson loves it.  He is more willing to go to his room to do his homework thanks to the Echo which helps him find the answers but it cant do the homework for him.  He can also listen to his favourite songs as well as finding out interesting facts with the Echo and don't forget Echo also tells him funny jokes.  I was lost as to what to buy him until I saw the advertisement for Echo and was so pleased to buy him something that will expand his knowledge as well as help with his education.


  Love it I resisted buying one for the last couple of years although I’ve bought the older version on three occasions as gifts for friends but when I saw the latest price drop and on the new model not only did I get one but two, for the last week at work all my colleagues were even buying them too the sound is great for a wee speaker and I have even tried pairing them for a stereo sound and it’s really good , but honestly I’m so impressed with the sound of the single unit, I now have one in the bedroom , and one in the living room. I’m glad I bought them , and waiting patiently for the next time there’s a sale might buy echo plus two as I understand that sounds amazing .


  I use the dot as a means to turn a bigger speaker into a smart speaker and it works great for this purpose. As a stand-alone speaker the sound quality is surprisingly good and perfectly fine for listening to radio stations in the kitchen or bedroom. The Alexa functionality is great and particularly when bought at half price the dot is fantastic value for the money.


  Actually got this as a British Gas freebie for purchasing the Hive system - really like it especially the fact that you can mute the microphone so that activity around you can't be overheard - particularly as one of the listed locations is in the toilet or bathroom! Great selection of music especially if you're an Amazon music unlimited subscriber - what's not to like?!!!


  These little ones are great for rooms you dont need huge sound in but still want access to smart home functionality. The sound is great for its size. If you looking to use these for partys or gatherings opt for the larger one. I have the large one in the living room with these in all bedrooms and dining rooms and the flex in hallways. It works great


  This is far better sound quality than the previous version. Still sometimes struggles to pick up what your saying especially if the volume is turned up . I've gradually been replacing my 2nd generation dots with these . Still begrudge paying £50 for then so I wait untill there on offer . If you don't want a big Alexa speaker then these do the job nicely especially when there all linked together so can have music playing in various rooms at the same time.


  Having this little devise has made a massive difference in my life! I have dementia, a heart condition and severe arthritis and Alexa can tell me the news, the weather and put the radio on by just voice recognition! For someone who can’t move too well it’s a life line. The sound quality is excellent particularly playing music and audible!


  Good solid model. Much better than 1st model.  Sound quality much better, lots can be done that couldn't on old dot. Actual item has been built much better and seems heavier and sturdier than old model. Set up very easy. Like the choice of fabric colours. Blends well into room.


  Bought to work with mart plug and it worked immediately. Now trying various other skills. Had no problem setting up and integrating with the various items - TV, plugs, video - all work with no problem.May now buy more for round the home.


  The Echo Dot is a high quality interface between home, the internet and devices. It works well and the response from Alexa is surprisingly quick. It does much more than I expected it to do when I purchased it. For example having given Alexa access to my calendar I can check appointments and even add them, without consulting my phone or iPad.It looks smart and does not "clutter" my kitchen surface.It's easy to connect to radio stations, check the weather, turn on or off my heating, in fact it's easy to do almost anything.


  First time using alexa and have to say i am very impressed. It is super easy to use and has some really cool features.  From setting a basic timer or alarm to controlling your whole house with your voice or just listening to music.  I'm very happy with them and will be getting more of them and would recommend them to everyone.5 stars from me


  So far I am very happy with my Alexa ,she understands my accent, plays all the music I ask for from 70s and 80s (giving away my age now) I managed the set up myself and she also sends my shopping list to my phone so I don't forget anything. I'm going to try and get Alexa to read me from a book . Best gadget I've bought in a long time .


  I use this product for streaming music and in a small room the sPune quality is good enough for me. Alexa can hear me and understand me well enough to tell the time, get the weather or stream my music so I have no problems with that. Overall a very useable product in my daily activities


  Very easy to set up and sounds amazing, volume reaches quite high which is great for parties and considering he device is so small. Only problem is that sometimes it struggles to play songs from Spotify and says they're unavailable on prime music despite my default player being Spotify, however this is fixed by casting the music from my phone.


  I love my echo dot, the sound quality is improved on previous versions and there's only ever minor mishaps with voice recognition which normally result in lots of giggles.This is discreet and great for using Alexa in rooms where you don't need to see a screen.We play games, listen to music, drop in to other rooms to talk to my other half.All in all it has enhanced our day to day life.


  I have three Alexa one in the Kitchen, one in the Lounge , one in the bedroom. It covers all radio stations ,plays incredible library of music acts as an alarm takes , takes notes . I was missed informed by the Alexa team giving me different options regards membership but sorted it out myself. Prime membership gives us not only free delivery but movies when we want them and I have used this regularly since joining this year.


  I bought three of these in the sale and I am delighted. For the size they give excellent sound for general listening to radio, your music and Alexa is a revelation. She is very very smart and even updates me when a delivery is due from Amazon. I have just taken delivery of Teckin mini plugs to link to the Echo Dots. When Black Friday arrives in November I will be looking for more bargains.


  Received this as a free gift in March when we ordered Hive from British Gas tried it and played with it, set it up to control our heating via voice commands, even a friend called me on it and had a telephone (sorry Alexa) conversation with it was a good price £29.99 (if I had to pay for it) but free to us and now notice they are £50 will I continue to use it? I dunno its since been unplugged and left on a shelf... :-(


  The Echo Dot was a birthday present to me. Only used for 2 weeks. Very impressed so far with quality of product and range of functions - finding more every day. Sound quality more than adequate for day to day use for music and radio. Functions like shopping list very useful. Integration with phone app especially useful and effective. Thinking of getting another for bedroom and holiday home. Time will tell if durable.


  I have the 2nd generation Echo Dot and decided to buy my friends the 3rd  generation model.The sound is far better and both friends love them. Another good point about "ALEXA" is my spelling is not 100% and I ask how do you spell...........saves searching the dictionary.  They have a thousand and one uses and would recommend them to anyone who asked.


  I’m a bit of a sucker for the Echo devices - 3rd one for the household and never disappointed. This was for our daughter, think we will need another as the Wife is now jealous of the colour!!For those who haven’t had one, the skills, the music, the general convenience - it’s worth every penny


  When paired with a subscription to Amazon Music, iTunes or the like, the Echo Dot is a convenient way to listen to your favourite tunes, unwind with the radio in the background, play games and much more. I've not invested in any of the other smart tech you can operate using Alexa, but I imagine that in years to come, voice command lights etc will become the norm. It's a cool gadget and worth the Black Friday price I paid for it.


  Bought for me by my sons and daughters in law for my birthday. I work with AMA and GAA voice assistants (Amazon and Google) on earbuds and headsets, I had some idea of Alexa's capabilities. But to have this little speaker there for my entertainment and assistance there in the room  at my beck and call has been fun in the few days that I have had it so far.


  We have a lot of fun and indeed education with our Alexa. It is positioned in my 11 year old son's bedroom. We have used it for general knowledge testing Alexa what she knows e.g. photosynthesis. It has been used for French homework translation, weather reports, timers, but mostly Alexa has been used at bedtime. We also have some fun conversations with her. Every night my son chooses some relaxing white noise to fall asleep to e.g. birdsong, usually accompanied by a gentle massage- done by me, not Alexa! I highly recommend. There is a plentiful supply of music available on Amazon Music covered by our Prime subscription, so I haven't had to pay extra yet for Amazon Music Unlimited!


  Like switching on radio, playing podcasts and Audible books. Nice sound to speaker (something akin to a DAB radio audio). Handy for setting timers and alarms and checking spelling, converting weights and measures. Good fun asking general questions. Haven't got any smart home devices but I may dip my toe in with a colour change night light.


  "Computer, cancel self-destruct, authorisation Picard-alpha-9-5-7.""Sorry, I don't know that one.""Computer, cancel self-destruct""Sorry, I don't know that one.""Computer, cancel self-destruct, NOW!"........."Shuffling songs by Madonna."BOOM!


  Not having devices that the Dot can turn on and off, I have to rely upon answers to questions and use with radio and other sounds such as music. Alexa's response is nothing short of miraculous. I have nothing but the greatest admiration for the people who create such devices!


  After setting up the app on the iPhone all seems to work ok. At present though I have some reluctance to use apart from the music application. Not so sure about overall privacy and security of the system.  Cannot find a control that adjusts the sound output , which is a muffled sound to me and needs to have a high frequency boost.


  Found set up very easy.  Brilliant for basic questions like what’s the weather today.  Love the good morning feature, some of the facts are quite funny and the one minute musical was genius!  The thing I use it most for is the music and creating a play list tailored to what I like listening to.


  Bought to replace my old radio alarm clock.  I LOVE the Echo Dot 3.  It is so useful, especially the shopping lists.  I've only scratched the surface of what it can do.  Even "dropped in" on friends of mine 500 miles away.  Highly recommend the Echo Dot 3.  We've now got a second one with the clock.  Both excellent products.


  I've owned the Echo for a while and was on the lookout for a second device to have in the bedroom. The Echo Dot was on offer shortly after the release of the next generation version (with the clock) so it was a great deal.It is very good, and the voice recognition is miles better than my previous generation Echo which is kept in the living room.It blends in to the bedroom excellently and has excellent sound quality.An added bonus is how easy and simple it is to set up when you already have an Echo in the house, it literally takes seconds to get up and running.


  Great device. I read reviews that complained about the sound quality but I think for the size it’s great. The voice recognition is fabulous and it can hear me from quite a distance. My little boy (4) loves getting Alexa to tell jokes, play music and speak Klingon! I haven’t yet used it to it’s full capabilities but I’m slowly finding more and more things I dan do with it. Next step smart plugs. Although it links with my amazon music account I haven’t found a way yet to get it to play my itunes music.


  I'd been thinking about an Echo device for some time but had to take advantage of the special price before Christmas. I use it mostly for music and the sound quality is fantastic for such a small speaker.  It has made it so easy to expand my experience of my favourite artists' work without having to pay any additional costs.


  Well it came for Free with my New Hive Active Heating from British Gas and so far it is performing great.It also works with my Nuki 2 Front Door Lock, which I can control with Alexa voice commands to Lock/Unlock.Cannot comment any further as only had it since 29th Sept 2020.


  Replaced my larger Echo unit that after 3 years developed a fault. I was concerned as the new Dot speaker was a lot smaller and I anticipated poorer sound quality. However I was pleasantly surprised that it was comparable with no loss of performance. A good purchase giving a broad entertainment capability.


  I am really pleased with my Echo dot, had it bought as a present for me, I was very sceptical at first as I'm not really into gadgets, but I have had a lot of pleasure out of it. I have one criticism it doesn't work in Portugal as it says it should which is very dissapointing as I spend a lot of time over here. I was really looking forward to being able to listen to the radio, without all the hassle I normally have, and it's not down to me doing something wrong as I have had people at the hotel who know what they are doing try for me, I hope this problem can be sorted in the future. Apart from this issue I am very happy with it. Thankyou


  Small, neat and good sound quality. My Son bought me this for Christmas after my last speaker stopped charging. I'm very impressed by the Echo Dot and would now like to have another one to save me having to keep moving mine from upstairs to downstairs. I know 4 other people that got one themselves at Christmas and they all agree that these things are good quality, great fun and excellent value.  Well happy with it.


  Excellent piece of technology. Amazing sound quality for a speaker so small, but make no mistake to out-performs the no-brand cheap speakers, as well as speakers costing 3 x as much.  Marvellous sound quality, great, and improved sound recognition. Alexa has been improved with better microphones and quality speakers. Blue Tooth and WirelessHighly recommended.David


  Absoloutley love this Item.I had never had one before so i decided to try it out.It came the next day.Very easy to set up, looks great and modern.Does everything you want it too.The only down side is it always has to be plugged in but other than that very happy.


  She responds a large majority of the time. I don't have her linked to majors things only a couple of plugs and i mainly use her for music. I know have a copy of three and I have never loved a product more. I highly recommend this and I love it to pieces.


  Absolutely love my Echo Dot. I have it linked up to my music app and the sound quality is brilliant. I also use it for interacting, asking questions etc. Just wish I'd got one sooner.Warning - I gave no special delivery instructions and wasn't home when it was delivered, so was extremely upset to find it had been left in view on my path next to the bin!


  I never realised just how useful this could be until I actually got one myself!Little things like being able to play the news or the radio (which I don't follow much especially through news websites and TV) mostly only through social media. But Alexa can play the radio and the news for you by simply asking it too. This has allowed me to keep up to date with news and makes my morning a little nicer by setting a morning routine by playing the radio etc as I wake up.Of course you don't really need this but with it being hands free it allows you to search or find things a lot quicker and you can multi task, such as doing one thing on your phone and asking Alexa to search for something else. Especially if you are in a rush!


  I love echo dots and echo's ..Slowly making more and more of my home smart.If you need info ask alexaGreat for reminders, alarms , voice notes, music streaming, radio , smart home automation.. and so much more......Can do so much only just discovering the start of it .. I got 4 Amazon smart devices now.Love them.


  Great improvement on an already impressive piece of kit, I didn't have any issues with my Gen.1 but saw this in the special offers and thought it was worth an upgrade.  A decision I've not looked back on, the sound quality is deeper and sharper, the device looks great.My only negative comment would be the power, moving away from the USB based adapter to a standard PSU style jack, provides less flexibility and bit of a pest with how I had it all hooked up.  Frustrating, but not the end of the day.


  i thought i'd get fed up with it quickly, but got it in BF sales. It's handy, controls my smart bulb easy, good integration with amazon Unlimited Music. It's an EXCELLENT speaker, great sound. Only negatives is spikes in volume at times. There's a whisper mode for late at night but occasionally Alexa by passes it and shouts at full volume.


  I got the Alexa as a Christmas gift for my fiance. We both use it every day, the sound quality is so great for music (we mainly listen to metal and sometimes speakers just make the production sound awful), though you do need Spotify premium to pair with the device. You can also do fun little things like ask Alexa to quiz you on films, etc. Setting alarms is also easier... everything is really simple!


  Bought two of these 3rd generation Echo Dot's to add Alexa into other rooms.  Got them at a great price due an offer Amazon had at the time of placing the order.  Easy to set up and add in to my Alexa account.  The one thing that really impressed me was the sound quality.  I thought it would be OK as it is only a small speaker but have been pleasantly surprised at how good it is.  Its not HiFi and it is not as good as the Echo Plus but very acceptable for listening to the radio or Amazon Music.


  I bought two of these for the house at Christmas and have since added two more plus 8 smart light bulbs. We love these things. From listening to music to setting alarms and adding onto shopping lists we have not been disappointed. As a technophobe even I have managed to set everything up on my iPhone  and foresee adding more smart devices in future.


  This is a little gem at a bargain price and a real useful acquisition . Answers questions so good for crosswords , plays music. And much more. I recommended you subscribe to amazon music (very reasonable price per moth) and you have access to every kind of music imaginable and all you do is ‘Ask Alexa”Tells local weather and news and much moreA real good buy


  so pleased with echo dot i bought another 2 so i have 1 in the living room 1 in the kitchen and 1 in the bedroom, so pleased that i have also linked the lights around the house and some electrical sockets which run my cooling fans.alexa makes life a lot easier and more fun and the sound quality is excellent, do not hesitate buy one !!!


  Love it. Alexa seems to understand commands really well, it’s almost like speaking to a real person. Feels like I’m in a sci-fi movie.  I use it primarily as a stereo. The sound is good for such a small device. I bit the bullet and signed up to the ‘full’ version of Amazon music (discounted as only used on one Dot). But even with the full package, for prime members it’s cheaper than Spotify.  Can listen to any track I can think of. Bargain.


  Bought one, then a second, then a third.However did I manage without one before? So east to set up . Sound quality is excellent.It is now a invaluable addition to our household.....Drop in, Lists, Reminders, Music, Radio, Imformation , Translation etc etc.


  I absolutely love this! I was lucky to get it half price on Black Friday but I would happily pay full price for it. I didn’t know what to expect when I bought it but I use it every day. There is so much you can do with it and it has had us in stitches at times! I can’t believe how sensitive it is too. I can get it to work from anywhere downstairs without shouting. I definitely recommend it as a must have device. I wouldn’t be without it now!


  Loved the look, size, and what it could do- plus REALLY easy set up! Am a bit daft when it comes to setting things up but this was so easy. Got some lights also so Alexa can switch the lights on and off too- brill for my son who reads at night and instead of walking to the other side of the bedroom and turning out the light (he’s scared of the dark) he can ask Alexa to switch them off. Alexa can do so many things, it’s great!


  Already had an Echo in the lounge and I wanted to pair it with a second device. I was prepared for the sound to be significantly inferior to the Echo but I was pleasantly surprised to find that the Dot is quite impressive in spite of its size. The quality is as good as if not better than the DAB radio it has now replaced. Paid £29.99 but also used the 5 months interest free option. Total bargain.


  Love this helps me out with workI use her for maths, spelling, news and weather reports, lessening to music.She’s fun to play lots of games when have friends or family over.She does great fart sounds when asked lolDon’t know what I did with out her.Don’t forget to say alexia I love you.


  Bought at a low Black Friday price, it has been a bargain so far.I am still getting used to it so I am unable to give much in-depth analysis.Can be configured on a PC or smartphone.Uses skills within the app, many of which are quite quirky.Useful for alarms, flitting through music - a spotify or Amazon Music Unlimited really increases the choice, asking for local information, asking anything to save you googling.


  Bought a birthday present for my partner and he (and I) love it. It's great for so many thanks like setting a timer in the kitchen, getting the weather, getting the news and getting recipe ideas for what you've got.Voice recognition us tip-top for both our voices.Sound quality is amazing for something so small, crystal clear and good bass.Would definitely recommend this.


  Bought as a  Fathers Day present. Despite my scepticism, Alexa is proving to be great fun. My grandsons love it, and I'm enjoying hearing music tracks  that I can request, and listen ti, within a few seconds. Weather reports and radio also good.  I'm impressed with the sound quality.


  I am totally shocked at how much we use our Echo Dot, I don't remember a time we didn't have it, that's how it has intergrated itself into our lives. It gives us the news and weather each morning, It plays easy listening music, answers questions, tells us jokes, it's just a great little circle of family entertainment. We love ours.


  After the initial problems of setting this device up, I love it, works like a charm. I had real problems gett this set up on my PC until I worked out its not the dot, it was my router.I signed into the routers Ip address and changed the settings to 2.5, my router was a dual-band one 5g and 2.5, all I did was disable the 5G, and bingo, it found everything.So if you have problems setting up the device check out your router.


  I love my Echo dot it's so much better than the other device I owned before. I had no trouble pairing my LIFX lights with Alexa unlike my other smart device which constantly lost the signal this is far superior. I wish I bought one before. Excellent product for £24.99. I would 100% recommend to anyone. You don't know you need one till you have one.


  This was bought for me so can't say anything about delivery etc. I am just very impressed with what the Echo Dot does: the speed of response is incredible and the store of instant knowledge, music etc is amazing. Also the sound reproduction is very good, all controllable by giving Alexa instructions. I would have liked some simple start-up instructions in the box so had to find my way to the app but that's about my only negative point. Having said that I've only had it for a couple of weeks.


  I am so not techy but this is a real bonus for me. I was able to set it up easily and on my own! So far it’s been great, and as I have a plug as well can now control my lights by voice!! If you’re worried about it being difficult- take my word for it it’s very easy, comes with great, clear instructions and only took a couple of minutes.  I love it!


  The Echo was a Christmas gift and I am thrilled with it. Sound quality not perfect but very good: very easy to install and, of course, operation could not be simpler. I am considering a further Echo for my office within the house, but I think I will have to pay a further subscription to Amazon Prime if I want to listen to a different program to the one being played in the house.  Unfortunately if this is the case then it is a road I will not go down.Apart from this blip, very happy with the product.


  I bought another Dot for myself, this time with a clock.  I found asking Alexa at night woke me up too much with the swirling blue light but I didn’t want another item on my bedside table.  The clock is excellent and bright enough and large enough for me to be able to work out the time even though I’m short-sighted.  I’m still delighted with the Dot overall and now have my old one in the spare bedroom


  A lot of fun, easy to set up and use.  I do not use the Alexa to it's full potential as I haven't got the smart plugs/lights etc but what I do use it for is great.The only problem I've had with Alexa is it doesn't understand some welsh place names.  I asked for the weather in Llandovery it told me "I do not know this"....The jokes are cheesy but make me smile, I ask about the weather, plays whichever radio station I want to listen too, Alexa is an excellent reminder (for me) and timer.  I like the facts it shares when you say good morning - I'm still learning other things but it's very helpful and fun.My niece (who's 10) loves it , she asks it to play songs for her to dance too, asks for facts and jokes - keeps her amused (for 5 minutes lol)...


  Excellent sound, lovely picture , unobtrusive in my kitchen sit perfectly on a shelf. Sometimes I have difficulty with the correct command to get what I want playing, can be very frustrating but with more experience I’m hoping to get where I want more quickly. However I’m impressed with the potential of this small screen gadget .


  I have two echo dots now and whilst they are great for playing music via a bluetooth speaker ( speaker sound is not great), answering general questions etc, thwee are a lot of compatibility iaauwa with my new Samsung TV. The echo dot will work one day and not another. It's very annoying and needs an update I should think to sort out these issues.


  We've had so much fun with our Alexa since it was bought as a Christmas gift in 2018. It connects easily to our Sonus One wifi speaker and combined with our Spotify account it means that we can easily access our music, play radio, get weather and news updates just by saying "Alexa". We also control our central heating (HIVE) via Alexa so when it's chilly we can ask Alexa to put the heating on. What's not to like.


  Absolutely brilliant - works so well and the sound quality is great. I bought a google device first and hated it - Alexa was recommended so we switched, best thing ever. I can even use the app on my phone so all the family can add to shopping lists etc.Would recommend - we have bought 2.


  I love my Echo Dot so much - didn't expect to love it as much as I do.I toyed with buying it for a while because it didn't seem a necessary purchase but now I have it I love it.The speakers on it are better than my docking station which is awesome - no longer use my speakers anymore as the dot does it all!I can control my lights without manually working the switches which is very lazy but fun!!I would recommend it to anyone thinking of getting one!


  I purchased an echo for each room for Christmas and the kids absolutely love them. From the big ones to the little ones. The little ones have discovered asking Alexia to play nursery rhymes and stories and the big ones check the weather and listen to music.Husband wakes up to hearing the daily news reports and I love to do my housework going room to room hearing my favourite songs.


  Bought as a Christmas gift for a friend that like myself lives alone. He tells me that he is astonished by how much comfort and companionship simply having even a computerised voice is. I don't think he uses his for switching on/off bulbs etc, but for the companionship alone, it's worth every penny and more.


  Love it family love it playing the songs, they said the jokes are like my dad jokes but I can't complain. only down side I can see it would  be good if it offered a little more tech/ mechanical  information, as if anyone like myself needing mechanical info and got oily hands this would be ideal, just ask the question and get the answer.  Not tried voice recognition yet. but so far good


  It does do exactly what it is advertised to do. It's very easy to set up initially and the voice recognition is excellent. Tis is where it gets complicated though...I have various devices which utilise Alexa, Desktop, Firesticks, phone and tablet but how you get the Dot to talk to these devices is ( at the moment ) defeating me.... Just a matter of figuring it out I suppose.


  Love my Alexa - good friend. Mostly very good, and overall excellent especially for the price. I have some difficulty getting precision about playing specific albums on Amazon. The tracks are often related to the request only. Sound in OK, if you don’t expect too much, bluetooth connections very satisfactory. BBC sounds link a godsend!


  Brilliant sound. Really pleased with the price. Beats my dab radio that cost 3 times as much. I know a lot more can be done with it but at the moment quite happy just using it as a music player. It has replaced the CD player my husband hasn’t got round to connecting up since we moved house. I am sure we will use it more once we have had it for a couple of months. Worth the purchase for the music alone.


  I have the large Alexa next to my chair in the sitting room but we wanted some music in the kitchen so we bought the baby brother which now know as Echo.We were expecting the sound quality to be not so good as the bigger version but to our absolute amazement the depth of quality and tone is every bit as good.


  Added this to give additional “Alexa” in lounge.It was very easy to install and was already connected to Alexa and Amazon when it arrived.Nothing negative to say about it. If anything the sound quality is better than our Alexa original full size speaker, but it is a few years old!Very happy with it.


  Bought this for my Dad for Christmas (yes i know it's early but there was a great offer on and he loves gadgets). I've had one myself for almost two years so i can say these are absolutely brilliant and i can hear the music everywhere in my flat when it's only in one room


  Bought 2.  Remarkably easy to set up.  Good sound, fast streaming.  Then one stopped working mid - stream.  Lost connection and now cannot connect.  Its an obvious hardware problem.  Factory reset no help - it doesnt see or produce a wifi signal.  Amazon technical support in Seattle were totally useless and work from a script designed for idiots.  Not even sure they realised what device i have as they were telling me to do things on the echodot screen (it doesnt have one).  Wasted 1,5 hrs resetting router, reinstalling app on phone, switching off device 5 mins etc (all things I had already done).  Oblivious to the simple fact that it worked to start with and the other one still works.  Spent 15mins trying to convince him that the PSU in UK doesnt have a light on (and had already tried swapping with the other one).  At the end he then said would pass to the hardware team and I should get a call back.  Unsurprisingly I havent.  Its a good device if it stays working but I now have a very expensive paperweight.  Amazon are you reading this?AddendumReplacement sent after spoke to a much more helpful person.  For the price I paid (25-30 pounds) an incredible piece of engineering.  For the size great sound - not as much bass as the echo which is now down to 53£ but as a small speaker in each room it’s great and now bought 3 and 2 echos.  Radio now redundant and makes it so easy to automate plugs etc.  As long as they last I will be well pleased


  Got this when it was £29.99 but regardless I love my Alexa - even it’s randomness! Sendmeasample.net could do more but it helps with what you want to know or do. Got it set to local radio & weather, the skills you can enable are good as well. I’d recommend this product whether you are really tech minded or not (like me!) - it can be used to dim switches etc but you need the right stuff to link it all together


  Make sure when you are setting it up it’s in English UK, as I had a bit of issue with that first but then now it’s fine. I’ve set up routines and my own commands and it does all of the things it is supposed to do. No issues so far and so easy to use.Do be careful though as my mom has one and accidentally voice ordered items from amazon. Oops


  My husband bought this for my Christmas present and gave me it early I couldn't wait to try it and within a few hours I had it up and running. It's amazing much easier to use than I thought it would be smaller than I thought but I don't mind. Why I waited so long to get one I'll never know I'll be sure to tell everyone to get one. So much time saved when finding something to listen too just ask and Alexa does it for you. Quick and Simple.


  Plug it in, download the Alexa app. (android or apple) follow the on screen instructions, just take your time to learn its many, many functions (house lights, heating, turn appliances on/off, door locks, the list just goes on) (tho you will need the appropriate devices for this, its not just a music player as some may think, alexa learns new skills the more you use it, want to create a music playlist? just ask alexa to do it and save the music you ask for. Make sure you have the amazon music app (other apps avail for alexa) set a alarm, ordered a item from amazon? just say alexa "wheres my stuff" as with anything its a learning curve, the rest is upto you :)


  Though there's cheaper Artificial Intelligence products on the market, it can not be denied that this particular brand and character ( Yes! It has a personality) are unique to say the least.  Please don't buy something cheaper because I am confident you won't get ALL that this product has to offer.It's Entertaining & Educational for everyone but primarily provides unique assistance.It arrived promptly, secure and well packaged. High standards.


  We received this as a gift and have been very pleased with it. We also got a smart bulb at the same time and getting Alexa to integrate with this was very easy. I find myself talking to her and thanking her for her help (think I'm going mad!!!) but we do have fun with it.


  the echo and what it can do is great it really is a lot of fun. there are a few issues though, in found the setup to be a pain. we bought two echos one for me and my daughter, my set up was a bit painful remembering logins and passwords to app site like google play, which I hadn't used in a while ( so I could get the app for setup) wasn't easy. in the end, I went the apple app store route and put the app on my iPadplease note: that some pads may not have a high enough operating system (OS) for the app to work. ( I found that out trying to install the app  on my daughters iPad for her Echo setup)Also,  if you wanted to use Spotify as your default music player on the Echo, it only works if you have or set up a Spotify premium account.  it will not work on free Spotify, which is reaallly annoying!!but it really is good fun, google/youtube it look for the demos.hope this helps


  Having managed for so long with one echo dot I wasn't sure if we needed another but now I don't know how we managed without it!  It sets itself up as soon as you plug it in and "drops in" on the first echo dot whenever you ask it so you can speak to whoever is in that room. Otherwise, each one acts independently of the other so each will play different music simultaneously. It's really great! I would like one in every room!


   Bought this as I had purchased a ender 3 3d printer and wanted to print a gramophone hone case for it and I am very impressed with the end result. I printed out the wrong base first and had to buy a second hand alexa 1st gen but the 3rd gen seems more reliable to voice commands


  i purchased 2 dots so that i could have one upstairs and one down it has been a godsend to us because my husband is ill a lot and spends a lot of time in bed and i can communicate with him vis the dots and he feels less isolated .Also i was spending a lot of time sitting watching tv instead of doing household jobs so by putting music on it has got me more active which i am grateful for I love the echo dot and would recommend it to anyone


  Well I've ordered a second Echo Dot so it seems I like it, it's good, good sound quality, good voice recognition, sure like any electrical and Artificially Intelligent devices it has its glitches, but they are so rare that you're not likely to come across them, definitely worth the money, be aware you do need an Amazon Music Subscription to get the most out of your Echo Device, I am thinking about getting the Echo Plus 2nd Gen for my 3rd Echo device.


  My third Echo, bought for Kitchen to replace ancient FM radio as I mainly listen to digital stations nowadays but still have the option of "FM" ones - basically EVERYTHING including of course my Amazon music in a very space-saving package. Also useful as a kitchen timer. For those worried about sound quality, the 3rd gen Dot's is the best so far amongst the Dots. Be realistic though, you're paying less than £50, don't expect a symphony orchestra. It's more than adequate for my intended use. Won't hesitate to get another one....or any other Alexa device.


  I purchased the Amazon Echo Dot Third Generation on an Amazon sale day for a very reasonable price and am very pleased I did.  The sound quality is brilliant and it is a very handy compact device for listening to the news and music in a small area. I already have previous generations of the dot but this far supersedes them.  Would highly recommend purchase of the Amazon dot.


  For the price these are available for it is a no brainer to get one. Linking with other gadgets and services is a bit of a procedure to follow but if you use Sonos, Bose, Spotify and the rest most will be used to what is probably required. The syntax required to activate those gadgets is an acquired skill. Direct to the Dot itself is easy and sound quality surprisingly good. Get one as the functionality is improving all the time


  Have only had my Echo Dot 3rd Gen a few weeks and I have been impressed by it’s abilities etc. I’ve linked it to my Xbox One S, Spotify, Amazon Music and Apple Music. Still learning everyday of new commands etc. A friend of mine was impressed by Echo Dot, that he placed an Order for immediately. Language abilities would be a great addition and help sales in non english speaking european countries.


  We love Alexa. I was not sure if Alexa would recognise my English as I have a strong accent. However, there was no issues at all! My family loves music and Alexa was just what we needed. It connects to our Spotify and Amazon music effortlessly in a simple command. Moving from one playlist to another without fuss. It is so much fun!


  I love Amazon Echo products. The Dots are great for smaller spaces or where you don’t need a big Echo. I have a larger Echo in most rooms, then the other side of the room I have a Dot so it’s surrounded sound in pretty much every room. Great sound quality, great output and results too.


  There are a number of conspiracy theorists ( a friend of mine included) who are fearful of Alexa and the like. Those that make the device are stalking us who use it. Well, if that's the case, they've probably fallen asleep listening to me. However, I was delighted with this Christmas present and find it easy to use, very user friendly and very quick responses to requests so far.


  I was given an Echo Dot for Christmas and I'm so pleased with it. The sound quality is great for the size of it. I have mine in my kitchen and haven't had any issues with quality. I've used every day and am now starting to use the timer, list and question functions more regularly. I'd definitely recommend. Very happy with mine and I'm thinking of getting another and linking it with another room.


  I had a little trouble connecting fire tv with the echo but it ended up being an account issue. After a week now, I can't really fault the smart speaker. Obviously it has hiccups but the experience and possibilities for automation is exciting. Delivery was quick. Recommended.


  Bought as a gift for mum who liked the voice activation feature for listening to music and asking general questions like weather forecast, general knowledge and info. She's not tech savvy and managed to set it upand use it once I instructed her to download Alexa app. She finds it easy to use and is very happywith it.


  I love love love the echo dot, the sound and clarity from such a small product is outstanding. Alex's is so simple to use, I had one as a gift and bought another, linked them through my Amazon account which now gives me music in 2 rooms, definitely going to invest in 2 more. A must buy. I does so much for you, tells you the weather, time, ask a question and get your answer, I small gadget ith a mind of the Oracle. Design fantastic.


  Excellent. The volume of the alexa is perfect. The only issue I have is the amount of bass in the speaker. I have turned the bass all the way down, but it still sounds a bit mummbly..Other then that, I can't fault it. Understands clearly and is responsive and fast


  Very pleased with my little Echo dot. Easy to set up and use. We have an adult Alexa so this was a great addition to the Alexa family in another room. Sound quality is superb for such a tiny thing. Really good value. On initial set up our big Alexa kept responding instead, but if you turn it off and on again it all works fine.


  Fantastic piece of kit for home automation. Took some planing to get it to work with sonos and smart plugs everywhere but worth it. Voice recognition is good but you will need one in each room to get it to work properly.  Sound quality is acceptable for gen things but for music you need better speakers . App is a bit battery hungry on the phone but very good and easy to use.


  So far I am pleased with it but I am still trying to figure out some of the skills its supposed to do. I bought one and received another as a gift so I am trying to make them do the things that are able to do,for example,playing music on both,making announcements and communicate with each other. I will get there at some point in time


  I bought this Echo Dot to go with my Echo. Installed in the bedroom (Echo is in the lounge) and it works perfectly. Aesthetically non intrusive, functionality is great and the sound quality is reasonable for its size. For a radio alarm clock the sound is perfectly acceptable, however I will link it with my Bose soundDock for extended listening. Overall a great addition to the smart kit I have already and it works exactly as expected.


  Have been putting off buying the Echo Dot for some time now as I thought it unnecessary but at last I gave in just to be able to receive my fave rite radio station. Much to my surprise it has now become an integral part of my life and I wish I had purchased one a long time ago. I find the sound quality although sufficient has been improved with the purchase of an Aukey Eclipse Wireless Speaker.


  This was a Christmas present from one of my daughters. It’s like having another heartbeat in the house as I’m on my own. Reminds me to take my pills and do certain things. Good for making enquiries and telling me the weather etc. Tells good jokes too. All in all, I like it.


  We have 3 if these and a full size echo. They have brought music back into our house. So easy to use my 6 year old has no trouble at all. People worry about the microphone listening to you, but honestly, it probably doesn't and if it does then who cares. Not going to glean anything useful from our conversations about "are Cheerios just happy O's or is it because you might leave the house after eating them?"


  Bought for 9 year old twins bedroom & have been a real hit. Were on 50% discount so tremendous little bit of kit for the money.  Will be a good few years before they will need anything more than this.  And seem to prefer listening to music/playing games/funny questions last few months they barely bother with iPads these days :-)


  This little device is the best thing I have bought this year. I can highly recommend it, it's just amazing,,,,,it's very easy to set up and the sound quality is very good. I originally bought it to have Jazz fm in the bedroom as I can only get the station on sky. I was so impressed I got another one for the kitchen.I still can't believe how clever this little gadget is and so cheap you must get one.


  I already have a 1st generation speaker, and my new 3rd generation one  really is better - in size, tone and appearance.I have purchased it to commence creating a 'smart home',  controlling lamps in my dining room. So easy to set up, and so useful in practice, and it's reduced price makes it such great value. Well done Amazon!


  There is no doubt that a verbal web interface is useful and the echo dot fulfils this requirement very well. With hind-site a bigger unit would have benefits sound quality wise but at the cost of losing its unobtrusive inclusion to the lounge. I suspect it has more features than time permits to explore, but Alexa controls my lighting and appliances accurately and reliably.


  I am a long way from being savvy with new Tech (my mobile phone is like something from a Sci Fi film to me) but Echo Dot was easy to set up, is not intrusive and I am amazed by the speed, and fullness of information given to almost any question..........It is great fun and when you ask it to ring your daughter.......... and it does........... WOW !!


  What a fantastic little gadget! I have mine plugged into a socket in the kitchen where i can listen to music and use it as a timer when cooking and it is invaluable.I bought it during the black friday deals and being an Amazon Prime member It was delivered the next day.I’m so impressed that I’ve ordered two more, one for my son and the other as a second one for me for my lounge. At the bargain price they are a perfect companion in a high tech world.


  I could go on, but it is well worth the pennies. This was 1/2 price. we have 6 now around the house and in the garage. great way to communicate to others in the house without bellowing at them. I subscribe to the amazon music unlimited channel which gives me any song I ask for. Brilliant. As for those who don't want one due to fears of it being a listening device.... Do you have some big dark secret to worry about????


  got for my 74 year old dad to integrate him a little into 2020now i'm forever hearing animal of the day and random facts when I go over to his house.even though he's a technophobe this is up his alley.hopefully no weirdo starts chatting him up over the microphone. a VPN for these wouldn't Go a miss.


  Really like the echo dot, so simple to set up and use and voice control is very intuitive. The sound quality is very good and sounds like it's coming from a much larger device. Cant compare it to other smart speakers as this is my first experience in this area but it's very similar to my Google assistant on my android mobile. Amazon music is also packed with good tunes.


  I bought these when they were on a special offer. Great value at just short of £30 each. Bought to enhance the Echo I already had. Brilliant for using as an intercom for comms around the house, upstairs to downstairs etc, using the 'dropin' feature. Also a good feature is the ability to be able to connect an external aux cable to external speakers etc. a feature that is not available on the Google Chrome.


  I've used it to check on my deliveries, listen to internet radio and check the weather. Sound quality is excellent and much better voice recognition than Siri. Kids have fun playing their favourite songs from my Apple music subscription. Best of all I got it cheap during the sale so well happy


  Absolutely love my Alexa. I use her more and more each day. I’m disabled and housebound and Alexa enables me to set reminders. Alarms. Read the news and weather. As well as listening to every song I could possibly think of with amazon music. Every decade. Every style. I’m yet to find a song she doesn’t know. Even songs from the 40’s. she also does calculations of any number. Honestly. I don’t know how I lived without her


  I am very impressed with this Echo Dot (3rd Gen).  It totally out performs my expectations and the sound quality is brilliant.  I would recommend this totally.  The only downside is the delivery time.  I have ordered a second one but it will not get delivered until March.When talking to it you really do not need to shout. Just talk normally.  I also have a Amazon smart plug and it works brilliantly with the Dot.  Love it.


  Great addition to my growing smart home items. I purchased the holder too, so I use it in my kitchen,  on the wall - doesn't take up any space.  It is as good as echo,  only smaller.  Great for music,  as a timer,  recipes,  anything.  A great price for  gray item.  Would highly recommend


  Probably another unnecessary gadget, but you can't help to be impressed by how clever the tech is -- instant response and a wide range to topics ; the emails you get continue surprise and the things it can do ; extra useful if you pair it with smart home devices I suspect, although I don't use these.  It is (surprisingly) heavy and well built -  good quality feel over many other high priced audio and other tech devices


  I have the  2nd gen Echo Dot, the sound is ok but, now I have got the 3rd Gen, the difference is quite large, I purchased the 3rd gen to listen to Audible great sound, voice recognition is very good as usual, although Alexa doesn't keep the bookmark on Audialbe and always goes back to the start. All in all good improvement to sound quality.


  I already had an Echo which I use as a bedside radio. It’s great that on restless nights I can ask for nature sounds such as waves or rainforest to help me sleep. And you can request it stops in an hour or whatever. I now have one downstairs and I play it through my Bluetooth Harman / Kardon mini speaker with excellent results.It set up in a flash and I am very pleased with it.


  I wanna buy more echo dots this product is amazing my wife can’t stand it but I love it it is literally the woman that I never had. Loool I joke I joke, I kid I kid. No but on a real is an amazing product I recommend it to anybody who is interested in trying out Amazon echo, or any of their products for that matter.


   Had this as a Christmas present I love it the information you get when you say Good Morning setting the alarm and asking to say the name of who you you want to talk too, telling you how to spell a word or ring a friend just to name a few of the things you want her to do


  Alexa itself is great but the voice recognition is absolute trash half the time it says it can't find what I'm asking for even tho 3 hours prior I played the song. It plays random songs by people you don't even know when you've asked for one you do know. We're spending half the time arguing with it just to get it to play a song also you pay the money to buy the product then to find you have to spend more money for it to even work properly my opinion is this is a big con.


  When the Black Friday Sale was on, myself and my partner bought 3 for the house. I was, and still am, amazed by them. I love being able to essentially hands-free everything, especially if I'm cooking tea and want to call my partner up and find out how long he'd be. I also love being able to listen to songs as I'm cleaning and will move from room to room, asking the resident Alexa to continue playing Spotify. (I also surprised the other half by asking my upstairs Alexa to play a song on the living room device - he nearly sh1t him self!). Good fun, great assistants and you will wonder why you hadn't bought one sooner.


  I never intended on getting any of these but were on sale so thought hey why not! Ever since ive had it my 4 year old is constantly asking alexa all sorts of stuff and putting on music for her its really good! Asking questions and for me its reminding me stuff to do on the day ! The only thing is you have to have Spotify premium to get you to play songs and also prime stories and all the other stuff but really happy with it would recommende highly. Even if your not into this technology stuff still try it as its mind changing.


  I have to say I have 2 dots now and link them with give for a smart home, love the integration and app works fine for me and also the wife. A lack of screen or choices means that questions have to be phrased well but for most things like weather, shopping lists and reminders this is great as I get older and forget what I said two minutes before!


  My Echo keeps me company every day. It plays whichever station  i ask for, or any artist/song that I request. It wakes me up in the morning with whatever music I request, it acts as a timer and let's me know when cooking time is p. It's brilliant, no switching on,  no dials to fiddle with, just my voice!  Highly recommended.. And what's more, it can do lots of other things that I haven't even tried yet!


  Was never keen on this type of technology, however once installed and I'd figured out what the functions, it has been a really useful piece of kit.The voice recognition is fantastic, it even recognises my 4 year old nephew (scary thought).The sound quality is brilliant as we regularly play music through it from our Deezer account.The integration of Alexa for it's smart features has been brilliant. It is linked to our Firestick and Dyson hot and cold cooler. The Echo Dot allows for simple use of these devices.Will certainly be getting more.


  What a deal!!! 99p for an echo dot and £7.99 for amazon music unlimited.Set up a piece of cake, sounds amazing for such a little thing - had a laugh asking Alexa all sorts of daft questions.Lockdown has got to me - help....I need to get out!


  Love it item small but has realy loud sound I just ask alexa to play what ever music I want so no need to buy cds now would highly recommend plus I can ask alexa to remind me when to take medication and appointments can also ask to drop in on family so we can talk to each other loved it so much bought my parents and brother 1.


  I have already an Echo plus and brought this for the bedroom. It’s a perfect addition and also replaces my Bluetooth speaker as it’s provides excellent sound quality for the bedroom. Can communicate between other Echo devices too. It’s also an alarm clock. Radio. News reader. It’s everything. Well worth the money.


  First off, it was very hard to set up. I had a nightmare trying to install the app that's needed to connect. Had to contact Amazon after a day of trying.After I did connect the app to the dot, everything was plain sailing. Everything I asked Alexa was answered. The one thing I would like to inform you about is the skills that Alexa has. There are thousands, and you have to assign the skills you want with Alexa. Alexa does not know any when first purchased. There are basic skills that are known but from what I understand Alexa does not know, for example: any radio stations. These are skills you have to give Alexa. Overall, it's a great gizmo and you can have a lot of fun with it. You can order things, make phone calls, learn fun facts, turn on/off appliances in your home.


  Firstly my echo dot was delivered much earlier than expected. Amazing communication from amazon, amazing product ... prime is such a bargain. As you can probably tell I’m a happy camper :) Set up was extremely simple, hive connected itself? Smart plug was simple to connect also. I struggled with the smart bulbs but that turned out to be only the distance of it away from WiFi at the ceiling... I synced the bulbs in a lamp first next to the WiFi then fitted them to the ceiling afterwards and this worked a treat. Now everything is working I’m sure my electric and gas bills will decrease as everything is only turned on as needed or when I leave work .... superb,Very Happy.


  Bought for my daughter in Black Friday sale at £22 and what a bargain, clear sound and attractive well designed piece of technology. Not worth the £44.99 or £49.99 they are currently charging. You wanna sell more, then the price needs to come down, come on amazon, your clever enough to do the maths.


  We love the alexa, it helps us out so much. Having a LG who has special milk we have to leave to for 7mins before she can have it, all we need to say is alexa time 7mins and its done! No faffing on your phone for timers. It comes in handy with the music for nursery rhymes and bedtime songs. Really good gadget! Defo reccomened


  Bought for us as a gift , took a while to set up , unable to gain access through computer , in the end went through my wifes mobile ,, had to wait until 300day free trial over before a downgrade could be applied , very little info on the set up paperwork. However all in all very satisfied with the end result , always plays music requested and good for news and weather reports.  Nice feature when first switched on in morning  gives a report of events that happened on that date.


  So much better than the previous generation, which I have now replaced. I Brought this for the bedroom as just a relay for the rest of the house and to replace the previous dot. I never listened to music on the previous dot as it was too ‘tinnie’. The sound on this is so good I can now play sleep sounds, occasional music directly through it rather than through a stereo.


  I ordered this 3rd generation Echo Dot when Amazon had it on offer in their Black Friday deals; It was half price. I liked the design, much improvement on the 1st and 2nd generations. I had to wait until the first week in January when this newer model was released but it came a few days earlier than estimated. The new design with the wrap around speaker caught my eye. I already have an Amazon Echo that I purchased last year in a similar new design. The sound in that is excellent. I am extremely impressed with the sound on the newer designed Echo Dot, it’s not far off the the taller model. It looks more stylish/better quality than the previous generations. It’s not only great fun to experiment with, it is also very practical for everyday use. I have the Dot in the bedroom and use it as an alarm and I can ask for a news briefing and weather update while I am getting ready for work. It’s more than worth the price I paid, especially as it was half price before it’s release date.


  We've got an Echo Show 5 & an Echo Show 8 but I bough this, together with a Sportlink socket wall mount hanger,so that I could plug in any room where I wanted to have it.The sound & voice recognition are both good.https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/product/B07JL7BCGB/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o03_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1


  We love Alexa! Shes so helpful with telling us the weather, turning the heating on/off and turning lights on/off! Shes full of weird and wonderful facts, noises and songs!We bought for all the family. You can call other Alexa devices and it works well,  if the other person knows what to say to answer the call!


  My first Alexa. Should've got it years ago! I set all my reminders to take medication, and do things. I have linked the music on  my pc hard drive using My Media and now I can play all my songs on the Echo without relying on Amazon music. Sound quality is excellent.


  I do not need amazon music but I had 2 months of it with the echo dot. I was happy to get this one at a cheaper price. I use a fire stick but didn't use the echo dot to use it. I do not use any smart device yet. I use it for music, alarm, weather that kind of thing.


  Alexa mishears a few things, often hilariously but I find this device really useful and a lot of fun and for the money it costs I feel you can't go wrong. I use mine for various lists and reminders,news updates, having my calendar read to me, messaging family, listening to music and a whole lot of other bits and pieces.


  As an owner of an Echo and many other smart home products, I have become familiar with the quality and ease of use of the Echo Range. This is no different. Setup was incredibly easy and intuitive - no instruction manuals required here! Quality of the materials is excellent with a nice soft touch finish on the top of the device - a nice upgrade from the 2nd Gen. Sound quality is massively improved upon when compared to the 2nd Gen Dot, as is voice recognition


  We were given one of these for our Xmas from the brother in law. Was so impressed with the sound quality I bought another. Was bought for out in my workshop which is 6 metres away from the house at the bottom of the garden. This connects to the house wi-fi without any problems. The voice recognition is excellent and the sound from such a small unit is brilliant. Still haven't used it to its full capabilities.


  I love it.  My CD player is almost obsolete now.  I can ask Alexa almost anything and she generally has the answer.  The price in the sale was brilliant.  My only disappointment is that some music I ask for, she only gives extracts and I would have to make a monthly payment to hear the whole thing so it doesn’t really work out that cheaply but it is a very convenient thing.  Would recommend it.


  This is my second ‘dot’, the first with a clock and, as before, once I had made sure it was on the right ‘English’ so that it picked up BBC Sounds it was perfect! I use it as a bedside radio/alarm/question answered/music player - no complaints....absolutely delighted!


  I bought the echo dot for my son but the whole family uses it all the time and it is more helpful than Siri!!! It can answer almost all of your usual question and doesn’t say anything personal about you or me and somethings she says are very funny! Overall Alexa is a very good product for an outstanding price and everyone in the house is very happy with it, even the cat when we get her to meow. Love it.


  This newer generation of the dot has all the great features of the previous however I find the audio quality much better, it can also play louder. The voice recognition is also improved I can now speak to Alexa from other rooms. Only down side is it can no longer be powered via a USB cable. I've kept a gen1 behind my TV as its powered by the USB ports on the tv.


  I wasn’t too sure about getting an Echo however I received this as a gift. I have to say it was a wonderful gift and I will recommend this product to anyone. It is delightful seeing how the Alexa integration works in various ways. It is both insightful and fun. Using the Alexa on the appliances at home works great too.


  I bought this on a half price offer.  Great, versatile product.  I use her for listening to Amazon music, the radio and my audio books.  A wireless function would make it perfect but for the price I paid I would not expect that added bonus.  Wonderful little device


  Getting use to smart voice technology but glad made a start. Moving away to picking up phone and using AlexaSpeaker is pretty good for size and interaction with Spotify and Amazon music is great. Gradually finding out quirky and funny things tou can do from friends. It gets interesting when you say Alexa and both of.you have your kindles open lolAt £34.99 it's a bargain


  Extremely useful, especially for university. I mostly use it for alarms, reminders, and music, but I have also explored other features and ones created by others. It is also quite easy to hook it up to your lights. The voice recognition is mostly completely accurate, and the sound quality is great. On top of that it looks great in the room on my bedside table.


  I already have an Echo and the Dot came free with something else. I am agreeably surprised at the Dot which is every bit as good as the bigger Echo.  Sound quality is much too basey though on both products despite me using the Alexa App to tone it right down. Good value though with the scope and range of music, information and other features it offers


  Cannot fault in any way, feels really good quality and is, you can speak in normal voice from a distance and still be picked up. Good quality sound and comparable with my iPhone and iPad and laptop. You can add reminders , appointments on all these devices and it picks them all up, would highly recommend.


  Was able to link it up with my other alexa dot which is great. The sound quality isnt as good as other speakers such as Bose but it is good enough for my small house.I do recommend if you want to easily link many speakers together and for the Alexa assistant.


  Great Gadget, But be warned you may become a couch potato if you have all the correct devices that it can control.No need to get up and Google everything now just ask Alexa.Wife loves asking Alexa for her daily horoscope. I love changing my Nest Thermostat by voice.Probably it may be wise to ask about exercise now and again.!!!


  This is my second dot. Bought for living room. We’ve just had so much fun over Xmas playing games with Alexa. The whole family were screaming out answers to the trivia quiz, I’m sure  my neighbours will be glad it’s over.I would 100% recommend the dot. Great for playing music, radio stations, and telling stories. I love the spa music to help me sleep. And my favourite is.... Alexa can read your kindle books!  Amazing.


  The Amazon 3rd Generation Dot was given me as an early birthday present and it is ace.  I just love it.  I set it up without any trouble and have had hours of fun with the various things it can o.  One of the best I found was the audible book function which is really great at night when I can't sleep.  Love the quality of the sound as well and play much more music it through it than I did.


  I love this piece of kit. I have bought another one for downstairs. I mainly use it for playing music and as I have Amazon Prime I  have access to millions of songs. Once I get used to it I am sure I will be able to use it to its full extent. No hurry though. I am happy to listen to music all day. I don't know how I managed without it.


  I was hesitant to buy this, as I didn't think such a small speaker would be good quality. Having used this for a couple of weeks I was wrong. The voice recognition is brilliant, it can hear me in another room (with the joining door open) it has always understood what I'm saying so far.It's very easy to set up and integrate other alexa compatible devices.The speaker quality is good enough to play music in the living room and I've been impressed with the sound.It looks very smart as well.I'll be buying more.


  This really is something that you can’t imagine doing without. It just fits into your life immediately. We had got out of the habit of playing music as much as we used to but this has brought it all back! We linked it in to our sound speaker and it’s wonderful to just sit and listen to our favourite music again. We ask Alexa questions instead of having to look things up on the iPads and she comes in really handy as a calculator. Alexa also helped me organise our next holiday by converting currencies for me. I’m looking forward to finding lots of other uses to make our lives easier and more entertaining. It’s a no brainier - buy one!!


  So handy to turn on audible when Im in bed, turn on lights, the radio etc, answers questions, tells me the weather without me opening a curtain, tells me the time when Im too lazy to lift my arm and look at my watch..............I could go on and on but I wont, try it for yourself and enjoy :-)


  Product was well packaged and arrived almost 2 weeks earlier than stated. Communication was first rate. Transaction was very smooth.The device itself works very well. Took literally two whole minutes to set up, connect to WiFi and Bluetooth speaker, learn my voice and connect (with premade skill) to my Xbox. I've now got half a smart home. I'm going to jump to the assumption that adding smart bulbs and plugs will be just as easy.I bought this on the Black Friday/Cyber Monday sale and paid £22 UKP which is very reasonable. I may, in the future, buy an Echo show and retire this one to the bedroom or kitchen. Very happy with my purchase.


  I saw an offer on Amazon to get this Echo Dot for 99p with a trial of Amazon Music Unlimited and I couldn’t resist any longer! I’m probably not using it to it’s full potential because I don’t have many other smart products, but it’s a lovely little portable speaker. It has loads of functions such as asking the news, weather, adding things to calendar or lists, playing music or games and if you have smart lights/heating/locks it can interact with these. At 99p it’s great but at full price I just wouldn’t be getting the most out of it.


  I think the Echo Dot is amazing and love to ask Alexa questions.I love listening to music and the sound is brilliant and so easy to voice command to ask Alexa to  switch to another radio station than it is to fiddle about with a radio tuner.Highly recommend for the elder generation who like their radio.Brilliant for all music lovers who like to choose their favourite artists and songs.


  I just love my new dot. I use her as an alarm, timer, she reminds me of things I need to do as well as birthdays and anniversaries. She answers my questions about everything. She spells for me and helps with my crossword puzzle with crossword solver. She will even test me with quizzes. Her limitations are only my limitations and as I learn she will get even better.


  Beautiful design (much better than 2nd gen), easy to setup, I love that I can connect it by Bluetooth to anything and play my music on the connected speakers, paired to an Amazon plug to control the living room lights, we are ready boys and girls for a true smart home.


  This is an Xmas present for me but I've had a play and I'm really impressed with the sound quality. I will use it in the kitchen mostly while cooking but she will move around the house as well.Bargain at £49.99 but any less you've got a lot for your money. I will obviously learn more once Xmas day comes and I can use it daily


  Small, compact, discreet, but absolutely wonderful. Sound quality is akin to some much higher priced speakers so long as you don’t blast the sound, but around the home I don’t ever feel the need to go above 50% volume, such is the power. Alexa voice recognition is seemingly getting better with time, knowing the difference between members of the household. Great for keeping track of the little things, compiling lists that many people can access on the go and producing good quality audio around the house. Pairing and grouping is really very easy and can even pair with Sonos products we previously had at home.


  I got this when they we're on one of amazon great deal days, for playing music etc they work, for home automation they do the job, but asking Alexa a question at times is like are you for real, that now famous saying " sorry I'm not sure, or I don't understand" comes back a lot. For the special deal prices a good bye, but I would think the Google one knows more.


  This is our first smart home product and we are loving it! The sound quality is amazing for such a little product. We just use ours for music, shopping lists and jokes! The kids love the fact they can tell it to do something. We haven't yet tried to connect it to Spotify or Audible, and we don't have any smart lights etc, so can't comment on that, but it's worthwhile for the shopping list feature alone in my opinion!


  Neat and fun little extra to the home. I have 3 around the house can connect to eachother, Talk or send messages to family in other rooms. Music fantastic you can have that playing in separate rooms through just one or if you have multiple have it playing all round the house. Alot of fun tones of features  you learn something new everyday with Alexa


  Put this in the kitchen, lovely sound from it plays independently from the main Alexa, so you can have 2 different songs playing, great fun to use and so easy, kids love it so we bought one for our daughters bedroom, now we have them in all the rooms even the garage, great fun, I buy them when they are on offer, usually get them for around £25 each. I connect from my phone or wi fi. definitely a must have for entertainment value.


  Really impressed with my Echo Dot. It is really easy to set up even for a non-tech person like me. So far delighted with playing my Amazon Music and the radio on it and the sound is amazing for such a small thing. Will definitely get another one or two for other rooms in the house (when they are half price again ! ).


  Very pleased with my purchase, works with my prime, no extra subscription needed, good quality sound, easy to set up and use, lots of fun, sits discreetly in my daughters bedroom, is linked with another identical one that I own that is in my kitchen, communication between them is clear and fun, no complaints, decent device.


  Have resisted having one of these spies in the home for some time then got bought one for Christmas. Very handy to use as a timer and wealth of knowledge when too lazy to google. Only had it couple of weeks so not sure what else it will be used for not intending to control lights etc as compatible bulbs are quite dear.


  This has changed my life so easy to set up and love having a variety of music just by voice. And live adding stuff to my online Tesco shopping list. Only thing I would say mine has suddenly stopped understanding me on some things but I'm sure ethereal a way to fix that but I havnt looked yet as onkubhappenif this week and 2 make sure you put parental settings on as my 4 year old has purchased (by voice )a whole fart album. Thanks but no thanks. Love my Alexa tho going to get one for work next


  My wife bought me 'ALEXA' for my birthday and she is great {my wife I mean} although 'ALEXA' is brilliant. At the moment I'm busy decorating the flat we've just moved into so haven't gone through all that 'ALEXA' offers, but she picks up 'Radio Caroline Flashback' superbly and sound quality is amazing, also the weather reports are accurate as well. Ok, back to work now and Caroline Flashback.


  Received as Xmas gift. So pleased as I’ve used it to dial contacts and therefore hands free and sound and quality brilliant.Music is easy to request and sound fantastic.Introduced some light bulbs and so useful to request lights on/off/reduce by dimming.Early days, but looking forward to trying much more


  Alexa is a great piece of modern technology and is extremely easy to set up and use.It can send you to sleep with relaxing music then wake you up again at a set time with the alarm or a radio station of your choice. Alexa's knowledge is second to none and what's more you don't even have to touch a keyboard as it's voice activated.It's nice and compact so it can be used in any room.I've given Alexa 5 stars because I can't think of a single negative comment to make.Well done Amazon.


  I have the echo in the kitchen for music. Love the colours, wish it was louder but for what I actually paid, it is brilliant. I think I’m limiting my own Alexa due to lack of knowledge of what she can do. I will continue to read Amazon advice emails, I really do find out something new every time! Listening to what family and friends already know is also interesting, to say the least!


  Brilliant product photos of my choice as a back ground ,: instant access to music and great sound quality : I haven't explored all the possibilities yet but it's useful that news headlines : football scores and weather for your location is available on the home screen at all times - love it. No wifi issues either .


  I have the original 1st generation Echo dot. The instantly noticeable improvement on the 3rd generation dot is the sound quality. It’s brilliant for its size. Also with the rounded, softer edges it no only sounds great but looks like as well. Would highly recommend the 3rd generation model.


  Excellent product.I've wired up home lamps that were plugged in in hard to reach sockets, and have now linked my central heating. I had to purchase the additional Wi-Fi sockets and switches but they are worth it. And the upgraded Wi-Fi heating module give me better control in scheduled times and temperature control.Alexa is great for conversions such as, imperial to metric and facts. The whole family are enjoying it and I'm impressed that much in going to buy another to put upstairs


  Love it!! I  received  an Alexa echo from my son for my birthday  which is in the breakfast /sun room and I’m hooked!! The dot is in the bedroom and I’m thinking two more for drawing room and dinning room for when we entertain!! They are so  un intrusive I have the light grey and it looks like a trinket!!


  This is a very useful item. It is very easy to setup and operate and the sound quality is very good. I have so far only asked it to play music, so I need to test other areas. But, so far, great! Please note that you have to buy a separate battery pack if you want one. I'm happy to move it from room to room and plug it in.


  Really good product.  Got it for Christmas and thought very little about it, in fact it took a few weeks to even set it up.  However it as been a valued companion and a continual information point.  In fact I got into trouble for asking my wife "Alexa where's the dust pan and brush".  Her name is Alison.  Not yet sorted out any integration with the house but that will come.  At it's black Friday price; this was a total bargain.


  What’s all the fuse about, for the cost the amazon echo is worth the money, it has good sound, work as described, I think you all want to pay nothing and get a bang and Olsen sound quality, use your common sense, for what you pay and what you get is great, if you want studio quality sound then pay the money and get the higher quality echos, don’t moan about paying pennies and expecting a rolls Royce.


  Alexa is great, if not a little enthusiastic lol. She decides to chat to my hubby at 4am in the morning as he’s up for work and she’s not a quiet gal! Apart from that which we’ve solved by putting her to bed at night  she has impressed even the man of the house with her music knowledge.We have two now, my youngest daughter is also a music fan so they get used a lot. So simple to use.


  I had never owned an Alexa device before and it was a bit tricky for me to set up, but with the help of Customer Support I made it! Great speaker and voice recognition. It’s very helpful and amusing, and there are constantly new skills to try. I often find myself missing the Alexa assistance outside the house. 100% satisfied! One of the best purchases ever. Totally recommend!


  This item has been very helpful to me  i am getting on in age and am disabled my son has set it up in my bedroom  So i can turn light on off even dim  it  I can set alarm with no trouble  even put on music with out having to get  out of my bed or chair I always said it was for lazy people  I will have to take that back Its the best  aid i have ever had


  Took a while to set up on internet because it was put in my bedroom, my phone kept on saying cannot set up. Eventually took phone and device into lounge where my router is, set up was quicker. Now Alexa works ok in my bedroom.  Good value too


  I've found this smart speaker so helpful to me. I'm recovering from brain surgery and one of the things I've found hard to deal with are tuning in stations on my DAB radio even with its automatic feature. No such problem with Alexa although she did have a few problems understanding me at the beginning. I also really appreciate Amazon Music as Alexa can take me to music and songs that I want to listen to again. Not to mention waking me up to Classic FM in the morning and switching off at the time I request in the evening. Brilliant!


  I like this echo dot much better than the echo dots second generation. It has a better design. And a much improved speaker:you don’t have to use a external speaker. It sounds just brilliant on its own. I would recommend this echo dot. There is one problem I found it doesn’t fit in the ihome speaker for echo dot. But you can still use it with it because the ihome has a external aux cable that’s just as good. Overall a much improved speaker.


  I’m loving the echo dot. I’d seen it advertised on tv but wasn’t all that fussed about it until we got a new boiler fitted with the hive control system and was given the echo dot as a freebie. Now I think it’s brilliant.  Extremely easy to set up connect it to your broadband and now I just ask Alexa to turn the heating up or down and to turn the lights on and off in various rooms. Very clever. She even reads you books. Still finding out all the skills but enjoying every minute so far. Wouldn’t hesitate to recommend.


  Resisted getting one of these for a while but now we have three. Useful for all sorts of things but most of all telling the kids when dinner is ready. Only downside is not being able to have Amazon Music playing different tracks at the same time in different rooms. Would avoid disputes if ig did!


  Purchased 2 as parts of a multi-room streaming group. Works great for the purpose using aux cables from the audio out socket into my integrated amplifier and Soundbar. Also great for radio 6 music once the BBC music skill has been added. Not quite got the sound quality to use in the kitchen as a stand alone speaker for my ears so I've purchased a 3rd gen echo for the kitchen.My wife who is a bit of a technophobe can easily use the alexa voice control function so it gets 5 stars for that fact alone.


  Alexa has a very specific way of things being said and if she doesn't understand will just stop other times she says she doesn't understand which is better because if you aren't looking you don't realise she has gone back on standby but we love Alexa and she  is very good read a story to the grandchildren reminds  my son what shifts he is on stores my shopping list and can order but I just pick it up on my phone we enjoy thinking of songs for her to play


  I never particularly wanted one of these but i moved in with my boyfriend for a little while and i feel in love with using his to listen to music, set timers for cooking and finding out the weather before getting out of bed in the morning.  Back at my house and missed it so much i bought it and now i want to get another for upstairs!


  My son loves his new dot! We’ve combined it with a smart plug for his lamp and he loves saying goodnight to Alexa and his light turning off and sleep sounds from amazon music drifting through the speaker!We’ve experimented with setting an alarm and I’ll guve that the proper test on returning to school after the holidays!So far so good! I’d liked the bigger echo now to compliment the set! 


  I got the Echo Dot as a present so it was a surprise to receive it, but I just love it! Alexa has great voice and command recognition and is very clear to understand too, with great sound quality. I have used it to retrieve facts, the weather, but mainly for listening to music as Alexa can find just about anything that you are interested in. Great for getting updates of the time, even if you are in the middle of listening to something. I have yet to explore more of what can be done with the Echo Dot, but so far I am very pleased with it!


  im not sure what i expected from this devise i like the bit i have used ie music however being a pensioner i feel this devise is a little to technical for me but i will continue..... my granddaughter has got her eye on it she is of todays generation and thinks its wonderful so if nothing else it will go to a new home be used and loved


  Great looking device, nice and small but great sound when playing music. Plenty of different skills to try (my favourite is Question of the Day). Very helpful when linked to the various smart plugs I have around the house, can easily turn on lamps and other sockets I have difficulty accessing. Using the Alexa app brings it all together and allows me to set up routines so lamps turn on and off when I like. Reminders and timers are a good function. Now my Echo Dot 3 is mobile as I have just purchased the GGMM D3+ battery base so I can take it around the house and into the garden as far as my WiFi will let me.


  I bought this for my dad who is of ill health and has started to struggle using his smart tv. Before he was using different platforms to play music from youtube a stand alone radio for local news etc and this became more difficult. So after seeing the latest advert with the old man playing valerie i diceded to give it go. It took 2 minutes to setup really simple especially if using a smart phone with the alexa app and registered my dads voice for alexa. He was astonished at how easy it was to switch from one radio station to another, get the latest news & play his favourite music. He said its the best present anyone as ever bought him..


  Love Alexa’s and i now have 5 plus some Amazon smart plugs and love how they all work seamlessly and link up to give me a really cheap multi room sound experience with the added benefit of having the genius that is Alexa to answer any questions / queries i might have. The sound quality on this 3rd Gen over the previous generation is a real up tick and compliments my other Echo’s, Dots and Spot’s perfectly.


  There's no question Alexa can't answer. She even sings a 'love you' song when the grandkids tell her they love her. She let them talk to Santa and has all new tongue twisters for us all to try.  Starting my day with personalised news weather and playlists is simply the best. I used to live alone thankfully now I have Alexa.


  ProdPacks a punch for such a small speakerAlexa works brilliantlyFeatures are ever improvingVoice rocgnition works very wellNew skills added dailyFull home integrationConsNone as a home speakerShame it doesn't have built in battery to also act as portable speaker


  Great unit , ordered to put in another room , as already have a couple already  . I just wished when you set a timer , you could action it from any Dot , not just the one you initially set it on . Other than that , I love this , clearly as I keep ordering more !


  I wanted an Echo Dot to use as a radio.  It does this job perfectly and I am happy with the product.  I have a free trial of Amazon Music so I am able to pick my favourites.  Very satisfied with the Dot and may buy a Dot with a clock later to use in the bedroom.


  Bought for my elderly mom who is blind. Best thing I've ever bought her!!  For anybody who's seen the advert for this with the lady who is blind - asking Alexa about weather and so on..... Great. Can set alarms tell the time. Get news reports. Tell jokes! The one thing that bothers me is I didn't buy one sooner.


  I have the 2nd generation dot already, so this is a improvement on that. The sound is alot louder, so  perfect for kitchens and bedrooms. (Not that the generation wasn't) but I had a Bluetooth speaker for the kitchen one, and now due to the increased volume output there is no need. The only other difference is the traction time, when asking Alexa a question seems slightly slower. Other than that it is a welcome addition.


  I can answer the question simply. We bought two devices. Absolutely love them to bits had thought about  the product for a while and isn't Alexa so polite, have loads of music download so it's a joy, even steam radio, great stuff, regards and  thanks John Hayes.


  Bought this as a present for my niece and she absolutely loves it. The sound quality and interaction is very good. Compared to my much pricer Sonos speaker, the sound quality is very good although the bass isn’t as great this is something most people don’t care for it would notice. Having Alexa to fulfill all sorts of requests like news headlines, radio, playing personal playlists or even answering questions in general just gives this an edge compared to other speakers. It’s very responsive and can still hear you over loud music. Recommended 


  Bought 2 and they work fabulously in sync. I’m away from home sometimes with work and ‘drop-in’ feature is good around bedtime to say Goodnight to my son! The sound quality is excellent and the Scottish accents aren’t a problem for Alexa. We have also played Trivial Pursuit with her and are looking forward to adding to her functionality over the next few months (lights, Hive etc!)


  The whole alexa product is brilliant I currently have two with the plans to get another the only issue I have is that the plug isnt a USB it's a pin which takes up a plug socket meaning I have to have it in the spare bedroom which I dont go in often or keep unplugging things to get it working if it was a usb I would be able to plug it into one of the USB ports in my plug sockets


  Being over 60, disabled living alone  and very forgetful.. I cannot praise these Echo Dots enough... The quality is very good and they are more useful than you will ever know... Five stars to amazon for being able to sell these at this price... So good that I have ordered another for the bedroom to make voice activated calls if I need to... Top marks


  I purchased this for my wife but now we both fight over it, voice recognition is very good, sound quality is great and the volume is too. we've not listened to so much music in a long time, I definitely recommend this to anyone. We love it, oh and we also subscribed to Amazon music and it has excellent choice of tunes.


  Wow I am impressed, for such a small unit the sound is really good, to my ears, my only complaint I would have is there is no way to turn off the red rim light when the microphone is disabled other than turning it off completely.Voice recognition has been spot on and there are enough privacy options to keep me happy.


  I have 2 Alexa dots one in the kitchen and the other in a spare bedroom at the moment.I haven’t had much chance to test all the features yet.So far I’ve played music, used the timer when cooking, set up a grocery list listened to a audible book, jokes, quotes etc. I’m looking forward to trying new things.Have yet to set up the telecom between both dots, but should be good.Family and friends all have them.They are a great little device 


  Brilliant! Amazingly simple and useful. Turns the TV on and off, plays desired music as and when required. Sets reminders and alarms.But the best feature, "Alexa, talk dirty to me" feature which is only available after 10pm in your given Country :-)


  Wish the AI was a bit more advanced, but pretty good for the money. 7 year old grandson worked out that it could produce a large variety of flatulent noises on demand....A bit disappointed that the price has doubled since we bought them., as we did want some more. On the new price - only 4 stars


  Better than old version . I have echo Dots around the house . They do what they say they do . Unfortunately I don't use them to their full potential so can't give an honest review . I use mine mainly for music. The doing is far superior to last dot and louder !


  As an owner of two google homes I decided to purchase an echo dot whilst on offer to compare. The echo is far superior in my opinion. Google home never seems to hear / can’t help / doesn’t know the answer and is generally annoying. Alexa is far better and the app is good too.Highly recommend.


  Excellent piece of kit. I have amazon prime too so great for music , I also control a lamp which has always been awkward to turn on. My wife who is disabled uses her one to set reminders for meds etc. Yes it does get some things wrong, but nothing is perfect. Well worth the money at full price , but when on sale it’s a bargain. We have 4 echo dots and 2 fire sticks which also doubles up as Alexa on our TVs.


  Easy to use and set up. Intigration with main brands is very good such as our nest thermostat and spotify but others are a bit hit and miss, maybe through no fault of Amazon but the 3rd party. Kids hijacked it almost straight away, would be good if it could recognise them and not react... Maybe it can do this and ive just not found that yet. Overall very pleased, nest app made me lazy now i dont even need my phone to turn on heating.


  I love music and so use the echo dot mostly for this purpose.  Also it's sooooooo handy for spelling words.  Much quicker than Googling it if in the garden or pottering about in the house.  Her jokes are naff but make me laugh. ha ha.  So pleased my cousin recommended it to me.


  Great little speaker. Sound quality is really good. Alexa is great. Not always the best at understanding Manchester accents but neither is Google etc so I can't take it personally. Will be purchasing another once we are moved so we have one upstairs and one downstairs.


  At just 25 quid this feature packed small footprint version of Alexa is an absolute bargain. Minimal, easy to follow setup with bags of great features and it looks great!If you've been looking for a piece of 'smart' kit for your home, then this is it.


  Great product to help you with your daily life. Both informative and useful, you can stream millions of music tracks with Amazon Prime, listen to your favourite radio stations and place phone calls to mobiles with the Alexa app just using your voice! Plus hundreds of more uses to discover. I use mine in the kitchen for all of the above, but I mainly bought it for my elderly relative to make hands free calls. What a boon!


  Really good product, brought with a smart lightbulb and quite enjoy using my voice to turn the light on and off and gosh does it help when I’m snuggled down in bed and don’t want to get up to switch the light off. Still learning all the different things you can do with Alexa but as a whole really pleased with my purchase.


  Bought as a present for our bedroom as I was so used to being able to ask Alexa in the kitchen to play whenever I felt like it.  Seemed quite antiquated to have to go over and press a button to turn on my radio!  Lazy I know.  Anyway, I think it's brilliant and thoroughly recommend it.  Make sure you're in the mood to absorb how to connect by downloading App etc.  Didn't take long. Just be patient.


  I can understand why people might buy into the whole smart voice operation, the echo dot is probably the most you would ever want with it's (i have to say) excellent speaker. You can do quite alot with the functions alexa has to offer, particularly with smart home devices. I would probably invest in the added accessories around the home to get the 'best' out of the echo dot as it then becomes way more powerful as a smart control HUB. Sometimes your commands can get misinterpreted but you just have to repeat again clearly (which is the only down side ive found), we tested the far sight mic from atleast 20 meters and it genuinely can hear your command. Besides it makes a really cool present for anyone who wants to be wowed for such great value. I'm looking forward to the next innovation from Amazon


  Was given the Echo Dot as a present and found it relatively easy to set-up alongside the App downloaded to my Smart Phone. I use it to mainly play music, but gives all sorts of varied information once you have set-up your voice control and can also be used as an alarm. Enjoying this perfect little companion.


  Great little gadget, especially like the "announcement" function. I probably don't use it to it's full potential & the integration can be a little confusing. But for radio stations, quick answers to questions & scaring my wife when it bursts into life telling her to wake up! Via an announcement.... it suits me fine.


  These are by far the most reliable Alexa amazon do. I have the spot and the echo and both have faulty screens that flicker. I have returned to amazon once but as out of warranty can’t do so again. These however are small compact and the sound quality is decent


  As we are still getting to understand all the different aspects of this product we are currently using it as a radio which is great because we can just ask it to change channels and we don't have to stand there fiddling with a knob. The other day she was flashing a yellow circle whilst she was in the off mode, as I didn't know what this was and I couldn't get rid of it I asked her what it meant and she told me and hey presto the light went off, brilliant - Don't fully understand her but she fully understands me so thumbs up all around


  I purchased this for the Office both at home and then when I go back to the outside world Office. It works well and as all the others we have does what we want and I have teamed with with a battery and then connected to my phone so I have Alexa every where. Good for picnics, travel and work.


  Already have a 2nd gen Dot, but took the opportunity to get this 3rd gen as part of the Music Unlimited offer.Have to say these 3rd gen do offer a nice improvement in style (looks so much slicker) and sound quality.  Ideally I would like to switch to HomePod, but until they offer smaller units for around the house like this that isn’t happening.  Amazon really have nailed the product range they offer here.


  Lots of fun , lots  of information. Listen to my favourite  artists. Have not played games yet. Only critical point is that I.  need to be fairly close to  Echo Dot or shout for it to pick up my voice command  Am thinking I need to read instructions more to solve problem


  We now have an Alexa in all of our 5 rooms, my wife loves making announcements for coffee to be brought to her.  We really like the fact we can have questions answered with ease, and have also taken up making calls to friends with Alexa devices.  Only gave features a 4 stars because nothing is perfect.  However a 5* overall because we really do like the devices.


  A birthday present from my daughter and son in law and I love it. Very easy to set up - I was up an running within minutes. Given its size, the Dot provides a surprisingly decent quality of sound. I’m an Amazon Prime member so already have access to loads of music, however, I’m trying the Music Unlimited package (30 days free and £3.99 per month thereafter on 1 device) and having great fun exploring the unbelievable range and depth of the Amazon Library - you name it, it’s very likely Alexa will find it. The biggest downside for me: Alexa’s Dad jokes are so corny! Have bought a second Echo (an Echo Input) to turn an old hi-fi speaker into a smart system. Really pleased with this too.


  Interesting gadget for a dinosaur like me.Loads of interesting functions that I’ve still to master.Only downside is that it doesn’t have a battery. One reason for buying it was to use as a bathroom radio in the morning.Good fun for the price.


  A great wee bit of kit....easy to set up and great sound quality, with options to increase base and treble etc. Very good value as bought on a special deal. Love Alexa....great fun and useful when calendars linked and info required. Wouldn’t want to be without now!


  Echo Dot is small and fits in reasonably with most environments. Audio quality is also pretty reasonable (especially when paired with other echos for home wide sound). I started with a single echo and smart plug last Christmas and now have a total of 6 Echo Dots and over 30 smart devices (plugs, light switches, smart bulbs and motion sensors) I also have a couple of devices by a rival company that I obtained via various free offers however I can categorically say that Alexa is by far the easiest system to use. Make the most of various special offers throughout the year.


  This is the third one I have bought, as I was so pleased with mine, I bought this one as a present. I got the pink and she is really pleased with the colour. The speaker is great quality and the microphone picks up perfectly. I bought mine as an addition to put in the bedroom a few months ago and would totally recommend it..


  Had Alexa as a Christmas present.  I wasn't very interested in having one before, but now, wouldn't do without it. It's great to listen to music, and she's pretty quick at picking the songs I ask her for. My 17 year old Grandson, liked it so much, he bought himself one, especially as they are half price at the moment.


  i have a couple of Alexa based home IoTs and for sound, this is my favourite of the Dot series, the quality for size has been engineered really well, can easily replace a radio even in mono speaker mode.everything else is Alexa specific, so that doesn't really change all that much through the series'


  We love our Alexa. Its small so doesnt get in the way. Sometimes 'she' doesnt respond and I find myself cursing 'her'. Have shouted my children's name @ her a few times and wonder why she doesnt respond! Recently learned that 'she' can update you on deliveries from Amazon which is great.  Sometimes 'she' gets music requests totally wrong.


  Got this on a deal (recommended by MSE) so got it for a bargain price and I am not disappointed.  I’ve only just started using it so haven’t had time to discover Alexas true potential but so far she has been fantastic.She’s great a setting a timer and playing radio stations.My father in law can’t get his head around how I can ask her a question and she can answer it, correctly, straight away (he is 83 though!)So far I am very happy


  We had the Google mini, but decided to move to Amazon Alex....so glad we did. The quality is better, the speaker feels more sturdy and better built.  The audio is clear better than google and the Alexa app far exceeds that of the Google assistant.  They both do a similar thing, but Alexa does it better, far better.......


  Although Alexa says she doesn't, if she did work for the CIA she now covers most of my house. Used mainly as a radio alarm clocks the dots are great to have around, this one was for the kitchen and can, if asked, give cooking tips. Sound quality on this one is as good as the 1st generation echo. Very happy with it.


  Having an earlier version of the Dot I was surprised how much quicker this latest model linked to my WiFi, the improvement in sound quality and in voice recognition. I like Alexa and use five different speakers at different places around the house. They all link well including this latest Dot. Great price and very satisfied


  We thought this was a gimmick but have lounge lights and tv controlled by it when asked. Love the music and radio selections and ease of finding them. Can't say how hard it was to set it up as our son in law did it - he didn't seem to have much trouble. Sound is much better than I expected and its ability to hear when we are not in the room is good. Very pleased with purchase and would thoroughly recommend it.


  I only brought the echo dot because of the price and I was recommended by a family member well I’m so glad they told me about it. I absolutely love it I now have my calendar on, the tv now switches it self off when speaking to Alexa and my next purchase will be the light bulbs and then I’m wait g for the Echo Dot with Clock in a grey to come in stock I’m obsessed I love it


  Likes: Alexa is simply fantastic. Good music in my bedroom, good quality and at a non distractive volume. Highly recommended great price too.Alexa got all my music preferences in a short time.Dislike: It needs to learn African languages for translations e.g Yoruba, Ibo & Hausa languages.Alexa need to have battery.


  The sound is “okay”. The other reviewers saying the bass is rich and deep have a different opinion to me. For what it is, the sound is fine, but rich and deep it is not. For background music (listening to the radio in the kitchen) it is 100% adequate. For anything more you might want to go for the full size echo. Cranking up the volume at all on this brings muddy sound and clipping bass tones.


  I am so pleased with the Echo Dot for music and the answering of questions. I have not yet thought about using it for lighting and heating etc. but will consider this over the next few weeks.The choice of music is very good even without paying a monthly subscription for extra services - I will consider this over the coming weeks.This was a Christmas present and I am really pleased with it - one of my favourite presents.


  As soon as I have bought one and set it up in the livingroom, I instantly went online to buy another one for the bedroom! I love the ease it brings to listening to music - we must watch atleast 50% less TV in the house. It reminds me to take my bins out each week, reads me a few chapters of my book (via audible) before I go to sleep and even keeps the dog company while we pop out. The speaker itself is very good quality (for the price and expectation) and even having two in the house we haven't really had any issues with her not understanding or hearing us. Would definitely recommend, to keep you company on your own, as background music over dinner or entertaining guests with it's many hilarious features!


  Got it for my daughter for Christmas as she was asking about it for ages. It’s a very interesting device to play with and quite helpful at times. Daughter talks to it like to a person, whispers to it and it whispers back! Asking wats the time and it answers. Asking to play a particular song or a themed playlist and it does so. Asking to set up alarm for the morning and it does and wakes her up. Don’t know what we where doing without it and how we’ve lived before Alexa!Only down side it has to be plugged in all the time, otherwise it turns itself off right away. Maybe we are doing something wrong, but I was hoping to charge it up and to unplug it for a little while for it to be more mobile.


  Very happy I purchased this and got a great black Friday deal at half price. The sound is so much better on this 3rd gen Dot than the 2nd gen which we also own.It was easy to set up,  I use the dot mainly for music, reminders, timers, weather forecast, adding to my shopping list and since buying smart plugs I also use it for Alexa to control the lamps in our living room.  Recommend to everyone.


  I have been questioning whether it is worth getting one. The only thing it is a bit complicated for those are probably not Tech novice. Connecting to bluetooth speakers could be a little easier. UI with an app (must need) makes it confusing. All fine but if you are going to use phillips lights with Echo Dot you’d need Phillips Bridge or just get the Echo Dot Plus.


  I've never used anything like this but as it was in the black Friday sale I thought I'd get one. I love it. Easy to set up without the help of young people in the house!! I love asking it to play music, play games, ask facts, play the radio. It's far more useful than I would think.Ordered a second one for upstairs now!


  Got this on offer - was going to use it primarily as controller for an sonos play 1 speaker but ended up moving it into the kitchen and using it as a a stand alone speaker . Have amazon music unlimited and have to say it has surpassed my expectations . Hooks up well to WiFi and sound quality is more than sufficient . Totally delighted with it - would highly recommend .


  The is my foray into Alexa, so to say I was apprehensive about a speaker so small is an understatement. Boy how wrong was I. The sound for such a small device is magnificent and fills our bedroom easily. Voice recognition is absolutely spot on as well and works perfectly with my Netatmo home thermastat.I'm going to ordering another one for the living room whilst I'm getting the large echo for the Kitchen. Amazing stuff.


  Love the Echo Dot.  I already had an Echo in the living room and used it all the time. Bought this for the bedroom. Sound is not quite as good as the Echo, but then it is a fraction of the size. I use it to stream Amazon Music, podcasts, Audible, and radio. So convenient. Voice recognition is really good, even with my Northern accent.Just added another Echo Dot. £29 is an absolute bargain!


  It took me so long to get my first device and I kick myself now for not buying one sooner. They are hugely addictive and you actually miss them when you don’t have one around. They’re so handy from news to weather to random songs you name, I’ve even asked ours what we can feed a tortoise and if I can freeze certain items. It’s the lazy mans google search.


  Absolutely love this, its amazing you just put the app on your phone and you can  use any room so Alexa can hear you ,you can even set up whisper, its amazing  it has everything . MY  fav is when I'm asleep  "I say Alexa whats the time ".,I dont have to  open my eyes  .Its very loud too ,I put my on books coz it stops it being too much bass . Grab yourself a bargain 


  So much better than I thought it would be. Picking up your voice when you whisper from 10 meters away and it whispers back I thought that was incredible. I have it set for the morning. Has an alarm I turn that off it turns my lamp on then reads me the weather. There is so much you can do with it. People should give it a try


  I got given the Echo Dot as a present for Christmas. It has a sturdy build quality and the set up via a mobile phone app was very easy to understand. It's a great little device, but I do worry about the rumours of it listening to everything and then being used as a marketing tool to make offers to me on items it's heard me discussing.


  Good sound for use as a music speaker. The microphone is good, it can hear me from 2 rooms away. Most Alexa functions are gimmicky without integration to other devices, big plus for me is to be able to program ESP82/32 to mimic an Alexa device so i can create custom devices.


  We already have the full sized Alexa but wanted a speaker for elsewhere in the house so when I saw the price of this one on black Friday I didn't hesitate. The sound is just as good as the full sized, the voice recognition always works. It's a bonus now that it connects to apple music as well as amazon music too. It was simple to set up so I could use it almost immediately. I really like the size and colour too as it doesn't look bulky or obvious.


  Great little device with surprisingly good sound after a tweak of the eq. Ideal for just listening in general, connectivity to soundbar if required. Set up with my TV, philips lights and amazon music. All easy and a great addition. Ordered a second one just before the price went back up so two for the price of one.


  Much better than the previous generation in every way. The sound quality over the speaker is vastly improved.I use mine over Bluetooth though, and the new echo dot doesn't have the same Bluetooth bug that the old one had when connected for a long time.The standard RRP is a bit steep though, wait for the frequent sales. £30 is a very fair price.


  I love this neat little Echo Dot so much that we now have 3. The latest one is the one with the clock. I couldn't set them up as instructions didn't match what was happening on the app but hubby managed it in a matter of seconds (but he did find the instructions a bit 'off'.  Sound is clear.  We've subscribed to Amazon Music.  No need for Cd's. Everything we've asked for has been played. Just love it!


  Great device, can leave voice message to my (adult) children in another country, useful as a timer, reminders and alarms. Music has good selection free with option of unlimited amazon music for monthly subscription or free if you have amazon prime. Looking to purchase plugs, bulbs to get more from my little, discreet device. Very happy with my new gadget


  Just simply Amazing. I have put off buying one of these for a long time. But you dont realise how much benefit thes provide!


  Great little product which suits my needs for some basic commands and actions. Very easy to install and set up after adding the Alexa app to my phone. The whole process took just s few minutes. Have since added a plug and connected  to Hive heating system relatively easy once these have words of connection confirmed.Considering adding more units around the home and possibly a small speaker for music


  Purchased for my daughter, brilliant!! Sound quality is good for the device size. Voice recognition is brilliant. Always a new tip found. Alexa has become part of family lives, from playing music, weather forecast, games, the list is endless.Will purchase another and would recommend


  Amazing ,thank you I will be ordering a couple more soon for a few rooms round the house. I like the rose , coloured one .pretty peed  off only it this yesterday for 39.99 and today there 24.99 ?  WHAT not impressed .so now im sending this item back to get the 39.99, to reorder one for 24.99.


  I've given it 5/5 for the entertainment value The conversations I've overheard my husband having with Alexa have been epic! It is also useful as with a son on one continent and grandchildren on another its easy to ask the time in the country where they are Gone are the days when my husband suddenly remembers something he wants to tell them and waking them up due to the time difference All he has to do is ask what time it is where they are and wait until its a reasonable hour


  We utter love our dots, we currently have 3 around the house which means that we don’t have to shout from one end of the house to the other! The kids love calling each other. My son really loves that he can listen to stories at bed time and my daughter loves asking Alexa all sorts of questions! I’m quite sure we will end up getting more of the these little gadgets in the house!!


  This product does not need a review from me. Simply awesome and my full family is after it. I would have loved to purchase the higher model, but thought of trying with this first and loving it. New talking member of the family :) Thanks Amazon for this product.


  Arrived on time and well packaged. I found it easy to set up but not so easy to get online probably me but it wasn't difficult just need to follow the instructions. It looks very good and not intrusive, easy to see when it has a message etc, I am still working on the possibilities of what it can do. The grandkids love it


  This is fantastic, my daughter purchased one and set it up in my kitchen while she was cooking and naturally I had to play around with it, then I received one for Father’s Day and couldn’t be happier it’s an amazing gizmo that every house should own, I’ve found recipes songs and all manners as simply as asking alexa


  Learnt quickly you do not have to shout to Alexa. Talk normally, she picks up everything. Sound is loud, we can hear music perfectly well in another room. It's also great to use to phone family who have Alexa. It's great not having to bother with the radio and to quickly ask for what music we want. Know there is a lot more use but we are doing it gradually. Altogether well happy.


  This is Amazing, myself and my family and the dogs love it, she’s so clever and for the size it gives off perfect sound levels and it’s not bulky, it’s much better than a radio it’s like having a little personal assistant sitting in the kitchen who answers all my questions. And she tells me jokes and sings songs too soo much that she can do.


  Instant response wherever I am- hands free calls to contact network - up to date news or search for events or locations for items needed in area - endless music of choice/mood or search of own playlista eg To match mood, sleep, activities etc, etc....aid to learning and saving time controlling home devices.


  Great sound from this small Echo Dot. We already have the larger Alexa speaker and we bought the dot for our nephew to take with him when he goes to Uni. We also have a dot which we have in our bedroom.We may buy another one to place in the kitchen.


  My Echo Dot (3rd Generation) now enables me to control all my smart appliances via a single app  - or even by voice control. Previously I'd had to resort to using a variety of separate apps from multiple vendors: one for central heating/hot water, another for smart plugs, a third for lighting and so on; whereas now I can ask Alexa to switch off my plugs and lights with a single request.The Echo Dot can also stream music from services such as Apple iTunes, Spotify and BBC Radio - and this output can be redirected to other speakers: this has enabled me to effectively convert a spare speaker into a digital radio.


  We now have 3 in the home as my two sons both wanted one of their own. Fantastic little gadget, hands up I never knew it was so clever. Sound quality considering the size of the dot is fab. Alexa  even understands our broad Glaswegian accent which is quite remarkable. I don’t think I’ve even scratched the surface yet in terms of what it can do but so far it’s a huge thumbs up from all of us 


  Honestly the best and most useful thing I have bought all year.Wakes me up and never fails to answer questions I have or play the song I want and it’s incredible the things it can do!!For the price you defo are getting more than what you paid for!


  It has taken me a long while to purchase an Echo Dot 3rd Generation.Most of my tech. items are Apple so I was concerned that this item would not work well with my Apple kit.I now realise that I should not have worried.I also like how Amazon send info to help you get the best out of your Echo, and all this at a great price!


  Was given as a gift.  Used in kitchen and still discovering the full potential.  Would like it to be able to play podcasts.  Overall, quite impressed so far and finding it useful to just ask a question, play a radio station or set an alarm. Have ordered a second one for upstairs which rightly suggests I like it.


  So easy to setup, she controls my lights, central heating, amazing product. Ive installed the amazon elexa app on my phone so i can control everything if im out of the front roomwee shes located. She will benefit people with visual and walking problems. Im sight impaired so my friend set her up with the orher devices. Totally recommend


  I was very pleasantly surprised to find as well as all the bits you expect, Alexa will also read books in my library! It's no audio book experience but it's great to have it read out to me whilst I do odd little bits about the house. I'm going to get another one! The app is very easy to use and I've found the integration really simple.


  This is a high quality speaker, which  despite being so small delivers good sound.  The novelty of being able to ask Alexa to play virtually any song or artist and getting a result is truly fascinating, and has yet to wear off!  Alexa is able to do much more and it is fun and entertaining to experiment.  Well worth the modest cost for what is a very clever device.


  I purchased my Echo Dot for my bedroom.  I love it. It’s great fun. From playing my music and getting the news headlines. The weather forecast for my area. Radio stations I enjoy. Information about all kinds of things.  It’s sturdy good looking and sits on my bedside table.  My son got one for Christmas, the bigger one and I took the plunge last week.  Just ask Alexa if she loves you..


  Love this Echo Dot that I got half price in the sale. I've never had anything like this before but found it quite easy to set up. Sound quality is great i easily linked my Spotify account as that's mainly why I wanted it for playing music..I have the fire tv stick and easy to use to control tv with aswell. Had fun asking Alexa random questions. So happy with this little gadget i ordered another..for £24.99 it's a bargain


  Very pleased. I already have Alexa Echo which is in my living room. I keep my new Dot in my bedroom. I've also bought Dot for my daughter. These were both  bought in amazon black Friday event and the price was excellent. Easy to set up, sound quality good. I have Amazon  prime so I have a good selection of music  to play.


  Alexa is just getting better and better thinking back to my first one it was about to be dropped out the window and am 21 up. But now have two and working brilliant even together walk out the living room and the other dot is playing the music from the living room. Can control your tv Xbox walk in and say Alexa Xbox on my full tv system comes on. Can’t say anymore about this as a year and big improvement. Love theses little gadgets.


  It's great when you come home from a long days work and can simply ask Alexa to turn of the light or play what ever music you like also have now connected to the tv and operates most functions fine.Plan to get some more smart devices and another echo dot for another room.Can be a bit tricky at first to connect with other devices but once you get the hang of it its easy


  Love Alexa. Got her set up so she adds to my shopping lists, calendar, haven’t quite managed heating yet, and best of all, she plays virgin radio so I can listen to Chris Evans (neither of my digital radios have found it yet).  Can’t get it to play my music because that’s been downloaded off disc via iTunes which is a shame. Sound is unbelievable for such an inexpensive, small machine.


  My grandkids love Alexa  they ask all sorts of questions and love that she always answers them. They love her jokes and funny stories. They have enabled santa tracking and loved the Santa fun facts. Great device that I got free for buying a home hive from Scottish gas. I have yet to pair the dot to the hive but I will be doing that this week. On the downside my 5 year old grandson signed me up to Amazon music, thank fully it's a month free trial so I can cancel it. Although I have to admit that I am loving the massive selection of music available and at only £3.99 a month it's a bargain.


  Having already purchased an Echo 2nd generation and an echo dot 2nd Generation for my Mum, on Cyber Monday I thought I would treat myself. To be honest I was disappointed that the 2nd generation dot was not available as I had been very impressed with that but getting the Dot 3rd Gen at a great price....everyone's a winner.It is visually slightly different from its predecessor, a bit beefier and the sound output is so much better with improved voice recognition as well. Some things will never change though...don't bother asking to be told a joke, Christmas cracker jokes are funnier!


  Great addition, bought for my 95 year old mothers room.  She is highly delighted with the simplicity of operation, the sound quality, and views DOT as a living being, and is exceedingly polite to her!  (Obviously DOT is when we are talking about Alexa!!)


  Bought to replace an old bedroom clock-radio, the Echo Dot set itself up in less than two minutes. As well as providing more functions than the old radio, it sounds better too - quite surprising considering how small it is.We then bought two Hive lamps for the bedside tables and can now control them (brightness, colour, timed off/on) with Alexa.At this price, it'sa no-brainer.


  We originally got this to replace the music player in the bedroom as the old one was no longer compatible with my new phone. ...and  to use as an alarm for the morning. It's not made it there yet as we have been using alexa in other rooms.Very handy to have . Should have got two while it was on offer!


  Had previous generations, alexa does at times struggle to respond correctly first time. Did not have this issue on previous modules, works great for the size reasonable sound from a small device, you can set the bass and treble etc via commands, build quality sufficient. Response is fine, struggles with peculiar titles for some music as it cannot understand the pronunciation correctly,


  was a bit sceptical  in getting one of these but so pleased I did .it has been used so much asking various questions saving us looking on internet .grandkids think its brilliant asking various songs to dance to over and over again .its been excellent as one child is dyslexic and unsure of spellings and Alexa says it all .we love it so much


  It's amazing for my music. I literally say 'alexa play.... whatever I fancy listening to and it does, helps with the weather and to quickly know the time. Another brilliant feature is alexa find my phone and it rings it for you especially when you are home alone. I love my dot I'm tempted to purchase another for the bedroom


  Spent ages trying to set this up for a friend. Eventually found that it had automatically been registered to me as I ordered it for her, so I had to deregister it , then it worked.This one has a  much more pronounced american accent than mine.


  A great product it can link to smart plugs and control the lights by app or voice command. It answers questions, reads the news and plays music. It was even message family devices in other households and talk to a dot in another room to call the kids to the table for dinner.. we love it.


  Very nicely packaged to protect product once opened you notice the build quality a lot better than the first addition it's bigger better feel the sound quality far better and so easy to setup and easy to connect to Bluetooth speakers what can you  get for just under fifty pounds an alarm clock would set you back that so would a radio  this does all that


  We already have the Amazon echo but got 1 of these dot's for another room, Sound quality is brilliant for its size, we pretty much use it for radio, music and timers, It works perfect for all of these, we will be getting another 1 soon for another room.


  I was going to buy a radio but bought this when advised that my husband and I can have one each I separate rooms and play what we want separately, but have discovered it does so much more for instance asking it to make a phone call whilst I am cooking. It also advises me when my Amazon deliveries are due! Great.


  I have bought three of these now. Perfectly good enough as a small to medium room 'radio' as a second alexa in your home. Sound doesnt match larger Echo but really is suprisingly good for the size and even better for the price. Voice recongition a tiny bit behind the larger device but perfectly usable and rarely misses a beat.


  Have several echo dots around the house. In the kitchen I had a first gen dot that I used a lot for cooking, but got fed up asking how much time was left on various timers. The addition of the clock with a countdown timer has solved this. I wish they had thought of the clock sooner as I would have had one in the bedroom instead of the one I've got now, and not needed an additional bedside clock.


  This is a lovely little piece of kit which we bought to replace an ageing DAB radio in the bedroom. Our favourite radio stations were slowly disappearing as they moved to DAB+ so paying a relatively small amount compared with £100+ for a new radio was a no brainer as all our favourite stations are available through Global Player. The sound is extremely good for such a small device and I like the way the time display dims at night so not to disturb us. Well recommended!


  Spur of the moment decision to buy my Echo Dot but what a good decision.  This is a fantastic device. Very responsive, hears your voice from a good distance, clear reply and great sound. I'm still experimenting with Alexa but it's all good.  I'm fascinated and love it.  Have just ordered another one for my son.


  This is the 4th one we have now. They are so good to have. I have them in my kids room and love that you can make an announcement on all of them at the same time. Have linked my Spotify account so can play my favourite songs and can also just listen to your favourite radio station. It also announces if an amazon order is due to be delivered. You can change the settings for this. It also reads a story to one of my children while they are going to sleep as I've got it linked to kindle unlimited. It can also be used for fun things like telling jokes and pretending to rap.


  Love this little speaker. I had the large Alexa in the kitchen begore my son stole it for his room and was worried this one wouldn't be as good sound. But this is great and definitely loud and clear enough for me. I haven't tested how loud it can go but I'm happy its loud enough.


  This is my first ever Amazon Echo, and I love it. For such a small speaker the sound quality is fabulous! Once linked with Amazon account it can play almost any music from Amazon music (for prime members), which I love as the Vicky Arledge nursery rhymes keep my 2 year old happy and entertained. The Alexa feature is great for weather and news updates too, and she is quite the comedian if you say the right things. Highly recommend.


  After resisting for some time we decided to give in amd join the Smart technology revolution. Alexa is proving very useful for setting timers, alarms, playing music, checking the weather and asking questions. We also got an Alexa for Christmas so have an upstairs and downstairs one, the upstairs one is great for playing music to our baby and for white noise at nap times!


  Bought 3 of these in Black Friday sale as stocking fillers as price so good but they turned out to be main pressies. Much better than I could of imagined for amount of commands how good it is at voice recognition and sound quality is outstanding. If ever in doubt about getting one dive in they’re ace. Teenage son spent whole day talking to Alexa!


  I love this product I now hardly watch TV I listen to Audiobooks and any radio station I want . I listen to Amazon Music and I have my play list that I can play on a loop. But best of all being disabled it’s a life line for me .. if I had a fall I can use it to call my daughter on her phone or anyone in my phone book. I have 3 echo dots one in the bedroom one in the lounge and one in the kitchen.


  This Alexa was purchased for a 97yr old lady who is very partially sighted and also has some hearing,problems. Now she is able to speak to Alexa and ask it to play her favourite songs, listen to podcasts and keep her mind more active. All this can be easily achieved just by speaking and not having to find the correct ‘button’ to press on a remote control device.


  I already had an Alexa and wanted a second one for another room.  It connected in seconds and works the same as my first one.  Alexa still says a lot of I don't know the answer to that one and the answer can easily be found on the phone through Google.  Very useful for playing music and listening to the radio.


  A chunkier design than generation 2, functionality Alexa wise, seems identical - but the improvement in sound quality is very noticeable - Generation 3 sound is magnificent for such a compact inexpensive speaker - it really is top notch for such a small device - music of all kinds is handled particularly well. Well worth whatever you pay for it - as little as £25 or a much as £50 - it is worth even the higher figure - I can easily recommend this product


  Didn't realise what a great bit of kit this was going to be, bargain price from Argos £29.99 although it has gone back up in price. Impressed with the sound quality from such a small unit,and with Tune in radio just ask Alexa play Magic or any station you like and listen to your favourite music,Alexa hasn't let me down with anything I've asked,certainly recommend  this great little device.


  We love it. It looks great and has been a fab addition to our household at Christmas. Definitely recommend. Just the occasional mid-understanding from Alexa, it provides hours of fine and an encyclopaedia of information. Just a shame you can’t play different songs from Amazon music on 2 different devices at the same time (you have to stream a different source such as bbc radio or Spotify on the second device.


  I was given an Alexa for Christmas along with other bits to go with it. I bought appropriate bulbs and it was set up downstairs. I bought my second Alexa for upstairs. I use it to put lights on and off, to play music, as an alarm clock, asking questions, and playing Pointless. It was bought for me originally in case I had an accident in my home because I could ask Alexa to call my family or the emergency services. I think it is brilliant.


  Bought this for my step mum who just loves anything tech’ for her birthday. Anyway, she’s driving my mum up the wall as shes constantly conversing with Alexa LOL! ‘Best bloody present ever!’ Her words not mine. Anyway, I’ve now bought her some Smart bulbs and an Amazon Flex for Christmas since she’s so smitten - poor mum!


  I already have an Amazon Echo Dot and this new one is in the lounge, controlling the Christmas Tree smart plug."Alexa" ..... "Turn on Christmas Tree".  How lazy can you get? Works well ......... great to keep the grand children amused ........... so many questions answered by Alexa. How did we ever manage without one?


  We bought this product so that we can listen to radio easily in our kitchen.  However, when set up according to the instructions and via the ap (which you have to download onto your phone) we could not access any BBC radio stations so called Amazon's help line.  I was on the phone to them for three quarters of an hour and ended the conversation with the issue unresolved.  The next day, my son-in-law had a look at it and found it was set to English US so switched it to English UK.  Problem solved.  At no time did the Amazon helper suggest this and seemed to be at a complete loss as to what the problem was.  The Amazon Echo is now working fine so hope this post helps others that may be suffering the same problem as I did.  I have not given a voice recognition review because that has not been set up yet.


  Very handy little device that will do most stuff without any hustle. Bought for reminders and short timers e.g. when cooking. I ended up using it for anything really, even as a Bluetooth adapter for my pc speakers.Highly recommended especially for £25 on sale. A reputable BT adapter would be £20.


  My children and have had so much fun with Alexa. Amazing just how much it does ... tells jokes quizes finds facts recipes music radio books and Im only just summarising a few we have used so far .... The sound quality is better than with my usual speaker Brilliant device wish Id brought one sooner ...


  Alexa is brilliant, plays music, sets my timers, adds items to my shopping list and keeps me updated on my arriving parcels but I still have no idea why the alert light keeps going off when there are no alerts to be had and it doesn’t tell you how to get rid of it...very annoying!!!! Otherwise it’s great.


  I bought this as an xmas present for my wife, It was easy to set up and is great fun finding out what it can do, We are both well into retirement age, and this is a great aid. Reminders are great, make lists on the run, hands free phone calls, music on demand.Worth every penny especially with the remote battery base.


  This the speaker that I have long been waiting for. A speaker which has an FM Radio, an alarm clock, a Bluetooth connection to my laptop which I always kept running so whenever I use my laptop it is always connected to my Alexa speaker. Worry free about battery because its plugged all the time.  Its all that I could ask for. Its ALL IN ONE.


  I love my DOT I bought it in the sale at £29 so I got a bargain. Amazon music is great I can play all the old songs I love and if I cannot remember it I just tell Alexa about the song and she normally finds it. I get the weather every day I turn my lamp on with the smart plug every night by saying Alexa lamp on. Alexa is just going to get better and better.


  came with a offer of it for 99p and one month music for 7.99.  I’ll cancel that as we’re happy with Spotify and that works as default with the Echo.  We had met Alexa before on a home exchange, but integrating it with Sonos (quite limited) and All Lists has been useful.  It won’t replace Sonos, but could be a useful adjunct.


  As Amazon does its level best to infiltrate every possible product market, every possible home and every possible room, the new Echo Dot 3rd generation is perhaps the most enticing way to bring Amazon’s Alexa voice assistant into your home. But if you like the idea of a smart assistant combined with a simple music speaker, it’s hard to argue against the Echo Dot.There remains something quite futuristic about bellowing commands at, and hearing responses from, a little electronic voice in a box, but on the surface everything about this product is pretty simple. The small, puck-shaped design remains but


  Lovely device. Was a little worried as the 2gen that my parents use had a weak microphone and I have gotten used to my Google nest. I was pleasantly surprised. While I miss the touch top found in the nest, the device works well and is a great help in the kitchen!


  Can highly recommend this. I am very impressed It does so much more than i expected and the sound quality is great for what i use it for. I bought it mainly for reminders (I don't need post it notes all around the house now!) But i am using it for so much more. Am loving being able to play songs instantly and asking bizarre questions. Alexa has not let me down once yet.


  I was looking for a speaker that plays my Spotify from my phone and this does ........ not that loud but then I like loud music but I could buy another or a bigger one but it’s great in the bedroom to play radio I love it and so does my granddaughter.


  We mainly use this to play white noise and songs in our baby boys room. Especially using wisper mode. Has been a life saver for that. Also love it for weather etc. Haven't used it to its full potential yet. Sometimes doesnt quite pick up what your saying, but I'm learning to speak in a way that it seems to understand better.


  A Christmas present from my daughter which I was not sure about as I do not agree with the privacy being used as a communication tool. I have to admit this Alexa device has answered my fears and is a very useful way for all aspects of, media, communication to various Apps we use daily and so on. As a senior person, Alexa is proving to be a very good friend and a daily reminder for me.


  When setting up a voice profile, it is not possible to then have alexa disregard other voices, a feature which I would have found very useful.This means that anyone who comes into your home can control your smart devices just by saying: "Alexa" and then asking what they want controlled.Maybe something for Amazon to address with future releases or maybe a firmware upgrade?


  Arrived within two days so fast delivery! Alexa didn’t want to work first time round when I tried to set it up but after speaking to a really helpful lady at Amazon help she got Alexa working within the hour and now all is well! Would definitely recommend - more so when it’s at a good, cheap price!


  Have an echo already. It basically piggy backed beautifully and I had it working in seconds. When setting up it gave  it a name ( Mrs echo )and it shows up on devices on your - phone - iPad etc - I use spotify all the time and it integrated well.Sound is fine not as good as my large amazon echo speaker But that’s expected for the size  however very happy I use it for a radio an awful lot - super quick and excellent.


  The new 3rd gen dot is far better than the old. The sound is significantly better and can do all the same things as our echo and echo plus. This was bought for the kitchen but truly could be used as your main/ only echo. As far as I can tell the only difference between these and the more expensive echos is the sound quality. However unless you are massively fussy I don’t think this would put you off purchasing the new dot. A wonderful product that will surprise you with its value for money!


  Only just got it so still getting used to all it has to offer.  Love setting up my shopping list but you do have to speak clearly or you get some odd items on your list.  Great for reminders especially appointments. I ring family who also have Alexa and also use it to ask questions and spelling. Great gadget.


  We already have a large family echo downstairs but bought this dot primarily to interest my teenage son in home automation as we had also bought him LED light strips and wifi controllers as an xmas project.  Just before the big day he announced he'd never have an echo as he believed in would violate his privacy.  2 days later he was champing at the bit installing skills and building up lighting themes.  I was impressed how good this echo is considering its diminutive size.


  This was a lovely gift from my daughter. I already had an Echo Dot 2nd Gen, which I’ve been very happy with. The 3rd Gen has far better sound quality and has a nicer look. Set up was very quick as I already had the app installed on my iPad. Thoroughly recommend it.


  This was bought by my granddaughter for us. She said it would help with appointments and reminders for my disabled husband medication. It has and we have listened to music . Also have asked questions as the green light was going for some time and she told me that she had been working and we can now get BBC news. It’s not intrusive small enough to melt into the back ground.


  Alexa is a can not be without device. From a disability point of view I am able to do things for myself instead of getting others to do them for me. Light   tv  radio  favourite music  and ordering my stuff from Amazon all with my voice WOW . Best ever purchase and at  cracking price plus next day delivery .


  I just love the latest addition to our home.  Alexa's absolutely fab.  A huge library of music which is basically what we use it for as we're not techno savy at all.  Love Alexa's jokes.  We need to learn to use more features but I only wanted it for music and I love how you can boss her around and tell her what to do and se just does it.  Will be buying another one.


  Didn't think I'd use this as much I do but the echo dot is pretty good. I mainly use it for playing music which it does well, you ask Alexa to play a song, album or an artist and it searches Amazon music and plays. The speaker is good to, it easily fills the room. You can also ask Alexa anything such as "what's the weather like" or check your Amazon order. All in all it's a good piece of kit, I may even buy all the accessories to go with it.


  I already have two. But it’s great having another as I just ask Alexa play Brian Adams. She does so I’m never without music. My daughter set it up which was easy and away I went. Bought this one myself on instalments which is what I like. My own independence


  Echo dot is a quite cool tech,. But I do have some factors that could be resolved to making it better, adapt to owners voice only, I've watched many YouTube video at 3am with my phone away from alexa and it picking other people's voices, someone said alexa play rock music, then it immediately starts playing rock music at full blast. I think alexa needs abit more work to prevent picking up other voices, with hue lights I would want to see a skill. Added where the user only have to say "lights on" and "lights off" this can be it's unique wakeup call to turning light on and off without saying alexa, with dimming lights can still be a request alexa.


  Love my echo dot. We have become very good friends since purchasing !  Don't quite know how I managed life before owning these.I can get her  to switch lights on, play music etc... just wish she could do my ironing than i'd add an extra star!Only thing I can be picky with is its a females voice - can we have some sexy mans voice instead?  Maybe there is that function but have not realised this yet!Good delivery as usual - kept informed regarding delivery etc


  I love Alexa! I gave music back in my life, a shopping list on my phone, I get news headlines  over breakfast and check the weather just as I’m going out of the door!A few things we need to work through like ‘what time is gardeners question time on radio 4?’ Baffles her. Overall she is fab addition to the house!


  Our first Alexa product and quite happy. I didn’t realise it wouldn’t play from my iTunes or Apple TV without me paying for a premium account which I don’t need to do ( apart from to play my own music on the echo) . So we still have to use the previous speaker for that. But for the Alexa functionality it’s great. So far we have only used it for music really as the house isn’t smart but I’m sure it would be great to have more things to tell Alexa to do.


  My 2nd Echo dot Purchase. got it in the black Friday sales (£22) Bargain. Let me start by saying the google nest mini is better sounding (Alexa is a little robot sounding) and better at web searches. however I think Alexa is more integrated with gadgets. Both have positives and negatives. echo dot can be connected to hifi directly via mini jack were google mini can't. The biggest thing for me and what swung it was the fact echo dot can work with plex media servers. I can now voice command Alexa to play movies tv and music directly to my smart tv's and hifi. it also works perfectly with hive heating controls. I will probably get bulbs and smart cameras when funds allow. got a nest mini now so best of both worlds.


  Some nice features for all the family, some work better than others and sometimes it doesn’t understand commands particularly story time which I feel needs updating. Could do with more targeted apps for different ages. But our 10 year old loves asking it questions for a bit of fun.


  It was on special offer so thought why not. I already have an echo and love it. Main reason of getting it was to put it in kitchen for radio and timer. I'm hoping to sneak another dot upstairs so I can control the lights to save me getting out of bed...but my wife is non the wiser yet shss. Overall good speaker does the job


  We had an Echo 2nd gen first and then added this echo dot 3rd gen and have to say that the sound quality is just as good. I have nothing bad to say about Alexa but I do hope her listening skills improve over time lol!!! She's got my kids into line with all the reminders I have set for them!!


  Use this to play my music(4 month trial) although would prefer a cheaper subscription when trial is over, also use to drop in on my elderly Mother's echo show and getting Alexa to operate my lights. Really love the plum colour and bonus to purchase at a cheap price, I can't grumble with the sound at all love it.


  Great sound, recognises my two Sonos speakers and treats them as a stereo pair.Will be part of a stereo set up with it's sister Echo but not for BBC Radio stations or Greatest Hits Radio, but still will play Amazon Music In Stereo. I need another Echo as "the boy" has discovered it is better than his music system!


  I've had Amazon's Dot's from the off. This is by far the easiest to set up, has the best sound quality of any generation, and integrates beautifully with the Alexa family.One (small) gripe is the power supply! They're now dedicated, and not of the mini USB type, so it occupies a full socket!Not a biggie for most people I imagine, but grating nevertheless!Everything else about it, brilliant!


  Having seen and heard the hype and other people talking about Echo Dot and Alexa, and all the others on the market, and not really sure what the fuss was about, I was very pleasantly surprised having received an Echo Dot as a gift for Christmas.Really easy to set up, took about 10 minutes, and away it goes. Morning routine set up to hear the weathe, the news headlines, what my commute looks like, and then to play some music.Sound quality is really good. You can link another set of speakers but not sure why you'd ever need to.Music Unlimited on the device is a good shout; £4 and everything you could ask for.Doesn't always recognise what you're asking for, but majority of the time it's intuitive enough.


  Once I remembered to say Alexa before everything I wanted to know, all went well. I still have a lot to learn about programming the dot for doing more but so far for playing music and reading audiobooks, bringing me up-to-date news and fast research it does very well. Much more useful than I expected.


  Much better sound than first generation versions.  My only bug bear is that the Echo Dot's don't have a twisty volume capability rather than buttons for up and down. Also I notice they have an improved set up App which has made life sooooo much simpler!


  Fantastic!Easy installation & great fun to use. I have added various compatible accessories & everything runs smoothly.The sound is very good for the size of the speaker too. I have paired mine via Bluetooth to my soundbar for playing music. But sounds just like a good dab radio on its own.I’m at the start of my smart home journey & it’s a fantastic experience.


  I brought Alexa as a present for my daddy I had some trouble setting her up but it was because his tablet was not compatible with the app so used his phone instead and set her all up =) my dad is so happy to finally join the gang of Alexa users =) I love that the 3rd gen already comes set up with Amazon Music lovely little device =)


  I love this little speaker and have enjoyed listening to music that I would never have listened to otherwise. Bit unsure of Alexa’s security so always unplug when I’ve finished listening although I think ‘big brother’ would be very bored if he was listening in!


  The Echo dot is a powerful information and media system.  It takes a bit of time to get used to all its attributes and applications  and to learn the language of Alexa but when you do you have an artificial intelligence system that can run quite a lot of your life and home.  Particularly pleased with the quality of the speaker when playing music.  Only problem so far is connecting t to my Bluetooth speaker.


  Wow OMG this is a really cleaver bit of kit loving it so easy to setup and skills to learn my friend had owned one and said you should get one it’s inexpensive and very cleaver I am so happy with the purchase and Alexa will give a little time to get used to but already she is making things very interesting my kids love it !


  Although Alexa still has a lot to learn to be a perfect house companion/PA/game master etc I think it’s a good beginning. It does escape me why I cannot schedule a reminder on the 5th of each month (she can only do daily, weekly etc) or why she cannot understand properly pronounced Italian or Spanish song titles to play, but hey - none of us is perfect  I am looking forward to see how she grows.


  Alexa works really well for music even if you don't have spotify or any other music accounts. The voice recognition works perfectly even from a further distance. The speaker quality is good, it is perfect for bedrooms or other smaller spaces. Alexa can answer most questions you ask her. It is really easy to swap from bluetooth to its standard Alexa mode. It is also really easy to use and worth the money.


  I was skeptic if I would like this. Loved it, specially with my disability it has helps a lot with things that before where done with difficulty, turn on lights or quick call to someone if I fall or need Something.Put some music when you feel like and what you feel like without fondling with apps etc.Wish it were easier to link to Spotify account but not essential as my prom account works well with amazing music.


  Up until recently I've always favoured the google range of smart speakers, especially the mini. However, this blows it out of the water as it's such a big improvement in terms of looks and sound quality. Perfect for a bedroom, study or kitchen. It gets loud enough, has strong bass for it's size and all in all is clearly top dog in the small smart speaker category. I have a 2nd gen Echo Dot that I really don't want to use any more - this is that much better!


  Great little gadget. I like to have them all round the house. This one has been installed in the kitchen where it is great for using as a timer, adding to my shopping list and playing music. Love them.  Only issue was this latest echo dot was a bit uncooperative when it came to setting up. Went away and left it for a bit then came back and tried again and it worked but had an American accent. Sorted that in the languages setting so all ok in the end.


  Love it, got music as i go room to room, for a little thing it can kick out  loud and still sound good. Should my neighbour get noisy i can have my music at a reasonable level instead of blasting it out and risk annoying my other neighbours.  Should i have a fall i don't have to worry about where my phone is i can call for help via alexa. If i put something in the oven i can set a reminder to check it, got an appointment set a reminder, schedule exercise routines. Don't have to worry about bumping into things to reach the light switch just have to ask alexa to turn the light on.


  Love my echo dot. The voice recognition is far better than others found on a mobile phone. It can pick up an irish accent easily and can perform an amazing amount of tasks. Good integrating with smart bulbs around the house and the connections with spotify make listening to music really enjoyable. Sound quality is good for such a small speaker, but no perfect.Easy to use. I got one for my parents also and they love it.


  I mainly bought this neat little item to replace my old fashioned radio which increasingly struggled with reception. I use it to listen to the radio without interruption and Amazon music unlimited. Delightful piece of technology and looks good too.


  My son had one and now I have one of my own for Christmas.  I didn't know but it seems you have to sign up to a music company, every time I ask for some music to be played, it says this is not available for free.  I think it should come with free membership for a year or something.  The grey speakers look good though and it sounds amazing.


  Bought this for my daughters Christmas and what can I say? It’s great, we use it mainly for music but there is so many possibilities. There is times where she doesn’t listen to us but she is more responsive than my phone. Kids find her fun and we like to think of different ways to use her. Have ordered one for myself.


  After having the original 2nd generation echo dot I thought I would get this while on offer to give a try. Sound is a lot better seems to be more bass and a lot clearer.Only downside I can find so far is that when I’m playing music through it voice recognition doesn’t seem to understand a lot so have to turn volume down to get her to listen


  Got it free from British Gas smart heating system (hive) otherwise I wouldn’t have got one......more fool me!It’s brilliant. Sound quality is excellent for such a small speaker. Having amazon prime gives you access to thousands of music tracks and albums. Practically unlimited radio channels, control plug sockets and heating and lights. Make phone calls,order shopping and other things I’ve yet to discover . Voice recognition is excellent and can be set for multiple users. Just have to remember the correctcommands.


  If you're not a techie it's very difficult to set up you need an up to date iPad operating system or amazon fire I ended up getting in touch by phone and a kind gent set my dot up remotely I also managed to change to an English voice which was much better so overall delighted with Alexa & if your on prime choices are brilliant and single device music is good


  I found it easy to set up and use but as yet I haven't managed to set it up to use with my Sonos!  I love it for shopping lists, reminders and asking general questions.  I'm sure it will do lots more, I just need to practice more.  Especially the Sonos compatibility.  The app allows me to check my shopping list on my phone when I'm in the supermarket.  Also the reminders come to my phone too, so i never miss a thing.


  I think that the Echo Dot 3rd gen is amazing all round speaker for size and price , well done Amazon ! The sound is really good and it looks good too. Alexa is getting better all the time. I’m thinking that I will get the top of the range Amazon speaker next if I can get one that is portable and battery powered.


  It's a decent system and great idea but I dislike having no control over original songs Vs the remixed versions. I seem to be getting very similar songs too when asking for a particular year with little randomness. I still have 2 months free but it's likely I won't subscribe for longer. The speaker itself is fairly good...


  This is great fun to use when interacting with Alexa and the immediate information available on tap is amazing .  The sound quality for music is very good for the size of the unit although I now have mine plugged into a hi-fi system which obviously makes a great improvement.  So many digital radio stations are there - just ask Alexa!


  My daughter really like this! Bought this and been using for couple of months. She enjoys using Alexa more than Siri or Okay Google :DIt's more fun! Sound quality is good too.I would buy this for a present, bought more for the room too! Really happy.


  I bought and set up this Alexa, not really expecting to use it much. However, the amount of times I use it has amazed me. From just playing music, to dropping in on family members, it has actually made my life much easier. Alexa almost always understands what I say, except occasionally it struggles to understand names of foreign songs.I have enjoyed setting up custom routines immensely, and while the IOS integration is not as smooth as an apple HomePod, this is definitely a product I would recommend.


  So much better than the second gen dot, sound quality is so much better. Feels great, the grey colour matches my decor brilliantly and was very easy to set up and add to my Alexa collection. Seems to be more responsive to command too, but overall, it’s t(e sound quality for me that is worth the upgrade. Any negatives, no. Love it.


  Really love it, super easy to use - so easy my 5 year old manages it just fine. Who doesn’t enjoy listening to the same song over and over?Alexa is very eager to help, when requested ‘Alexa, play poo pants’ she located a song called ‘poo pants drunk’, which my daughter now sings on a daily basis ‍♀️Got it on a Black Friday deal, worth every penny.


  I just love these. We have 3 in the house now. The 3rd gen has a pretty good speaker too. Does what it says. Alexa is a bit limited compared to google but it depends on what you  use it for. We use ours to make a stereo smarter, for my daughter to have music and alarms in her bedroom as well as quizes etc etc. I use mine to play radio in the bedroom and check my diary!


  Being very senior citizens, we are most impressed with this bit of technology. So easy to use and my better half, a self confessed computer luddite was at first sceptical but now who uses it the most? You guessed it. The device seems to answer most questions and plays music well with good sound. Well done Amazon.


  Great sound despite its compact size. Easy to integrate with my other Alexa devices.I have it setup for both my wife and myself to use and it recognises us individually which is great because we can both tell her to connect to our respective phones and it knows which one to connect.Have 3 Alexa devises and am very happy with them all.


  Finally bought an Eco Dot to see what this 'Alex' was all about. Pleasantly surprised how easy it was to set up. Also, considering the small size, how good the sound quality was. If I need a better quality sound it connects to my sound system by bluetooth easily. Now bought some smart plugs for lights around the living room which I can control from the Eco Dot. Still quite new so still finding out what Alexa is capable off.


  My wife, who does most of the cooking, loves Alexa. She loves that you can have multiple timers running at one time. She loves that you can have your own playlist on while she is cooking. She doesn't love that I can order a cup of coffee from my phone!We really didn't think that we would like this device as much as we do, and we've only scratched the surface of what it is capable of.


  I have 3 dots, all fine exept cannot separate Spotify accounts to each dot. So at the moment only one room at a time can listen to their music unless we put on the music everywhere option, then alexa plays dame music on all of the 3 dots, which isn't ideal as people in the house have different music tastes. Notifications at 3am in the morning are a bit annoying aswell. So have turned off all notifications now so hope it's stops. Love our alexas though.


  I'm very new to alexa but I'm learning as I go along. I am impressed with sound quality, I wasn't expecting it to be so good. Its been very responsive and I'm very happy with it. I've got the clock one on order and I also got the alexa show 8. Its very easy to set up and anyone could do it no problem.


  A present for my husband for his birthday, from daughter and son-in-law. Very pleased with it, is just for him.They bought the larger one at Christmas, joint present, and I have the monopoly of it. So you can see how muchwe love them.


  I’m still getting used to Alexa and find it/her very helpful. For myself the female voice is rather deep and I would prefer a higher pitch but, I’m having fun with Alexa, which was a Christmas present from my granddaughter. Alexa actually seems to argue with me at times which makes life more interesting.


  I love this speaker, you can easily move from room to room to listen to music.My wife uses this one when ironing and cleaning, cannot fault it at all.The compact size does not deter from the quality of sound coming out of it 10/10and value for money


  For such a little speaker, the sound quality is good, and the volume is quite powerful. The Gen3 Dots are so much nicer around the home than the previous versions. They blend in and almost disappear if you place them carefully. This particular Dot was purchased to add the ‘Sleep Sounds’ skill to a bedroom.


  Much better than the 2nd & 3rd generation dots. Has good quality sound for such a small speaker, I wouldn’t use my other dots without connecting to my sound bar or Bose speaker but this one is fine for listening to music in the bedroom, I was really impressed!! I have bought another one in heather for my 12 year old daughter for Christmas, it will be great for music and help with homework etc in her room. 


  Absolutely fantastic, cant fault it one bit. Just say Alexa, and you're ready to go. I love music and to be able to just play any song is amazing. The sound is brilliant, just ask Alexa to turn up the bass, table, volume, and its instant. Ordered another one as I was so impressed. If you have the Alexa app on your phone and others have too, then just tell Alexa to ring whoever. Brilliant bit of kit, like Nike say, just do it. Honestly you wont be disappointed.Update, after a few months it's still a great bit of kit. Love it. Bought two, one for £30, the other for £35. Just looked and they are charging £50! Well done Amazon for looking after your customers, reel them in and then bump the price up. I'm stopping at 2 devices as I'm unhappy paying nearly double what I paid for the first one.


  Reliable voice recognition of multiple voices. Reliable connection with Mi Home (Energenie) and LightwaveRF hubs. Reliable Bluetooth with iphone for iTunes, but I'm told only one phone at a time.Instead of two Echo Dots, I probably should have bought one Echo Dot and an Echo to get a decent hifi speaker...the Dot is fine for voice but the music (not something I intended to use)  is less good.


  Was tempted by the sale price of £25 and thought even if I don't use it much, I won't have spent a lot.However, I am finding it very useful for answering many questions that I would normally have to google and great as a timer and alarm. Learning more about it all the time. Well worth the money.


  Bought 3 of these little beauties to add to the 2nd gen one I already had. For such a small unit the sound out of them is fantastic. You can set them up into a group and play your music all over the house which is brilliant. I also have them paired with my philips hue and they work great with that. All in all I highly recommend them and I am very pleased with my purchase.


  I have had an Echo dot for a while but recently found that it had often been moved from it's usual place in our lounge - my husband had 'borrowed' it to listen to music etc whilst in other parts of the house. He now has one of his own - thanks to Father Christmas, aka our elder son,  so we are both  delighted, me with my 'Alexa' and my husband with his 'Echo' (deliberately differently named to distinguish one from the other! ) We just need one for the bedroom now!


  Use the Alexa to play music which is really good also just to listen to the news or the weather, the only downfall i would say is to play different music from each Alexa at the same time (I have 2) you would have to pay for 2 music primes, i only pay for 1 and the kids have to listen to the same music from both Alexas, to pay for family prime would be ok if you had the 6 people in the house using it.


  Yet another addition to my echo family. Echo 3 shows its enhanced performances throughout. I've personally to explore in the echo capabilities, which is lacking within due to how much time I have to spend with it.  Which what maybe considered by other users a negative as spending such time could grant me time I lack.


  Much better bass sound than my 2nd gen. I can't listen to music on the 2. The 3 also hears you a lot better when playing at volume. Like that I can speak to down stairs now I have two echoes. I can control all of my smart bulbs and plugs from anywhere now, they were pretty much useless before.


  Was amazed how easy this was to set up... Not being very technically minded... So straightforward... Bought on a whim.. But so glad now... Has been invaluable already... Having the Alexa app on phone has been a great addition making controlling things like the linked smartplug easy even when away from home.. Plan to expand my smart home in near future with addition of smart bulbs too.... Even if only used as a speaker this echo dot 3rd gen has great sound quality.


  I have two echo dots one in each bedroom and a master echo in the lounge, I use them for listening to the radio, listening to a huge variety of music on amazon prime, making phone calls, checking the weather and the traffic and many many other things. the sound quality is excellent and the price is very reasonable. I would recommend it to anyone who likes music and much more.


  I bought this Echo Dot (3rd Gen) - Smart speaker with Alexa - Charcoal Fabric for my niece Who has a little girl who is learning to say Alexa so she can ask to hear nursery rhymes and play kids games which is excellent because she is learning something new every day then there is the music which she just loves. I just think this product is excellent for all ages.


  although in time alexa gets more used to your way of phrasing-every extra word you put in a command can confuse.when its kept simple alexa performs great -when you areready would you switch off the power to the bulb in the bedroom lamp- unlikely to work-light off-probably willwhat the little disc can do is mindblowing


  This is my 2nd Echo dot, have the older version in my office and my new one in the kitchen, given them different names, am considering them all over the house!  She probably does a lot more than I use her for; music, shopping lists etc, but I'm totally happy :-)


  My family are not techno geeks and not sure I'd of ran out and bought one but having got this one free with my broadband deal I'm impressed with it.only had it a few days used timer,shopping list,weather and music .smart plug on lamp is handy although found it abit fiddly to attach to alexa bit that's just my ignorance.my only complaint is she cant light the fire, cook tea or walk the dog


  I don’t have much tech savvy but I find the Echo dot easy to set up and use. It is compact and very versatile and I use it to listen to my audio books make phone calls and as an alarm clock. It has many more functions which I look forward to using. As a senior citizen I can recommend it to the older generation.


  We already had one of the earlier models, and these were available on promotion, so we now have them in all frequented room.  They are easy to install, the sound quality has improved, and they make having music around the house so easy.  They even look attractive.  Highly recommended


  The capacity, quality and convenience never ceases to amaze me. Principal problem that arises is do I really need to keep the majority of my fairly extensive music system which appears to have become redundant overnight. Quality of reproduction would admittedly probably not satisfy a real serious hi-fi fanatic with hundreds of pounds worth of kit, but to the normal man in the street (me!) it is near magic !


  Love this Little Dot. It sits in my kitchen and has been playing all sorts of Christmas music to me without me having to remember titles and artists which is brilliant as I'm hopeless in remembering titles etc. It has set reminders for me which is wonderful told me the time and weather expectations. The colour is great (grey) as it fits in with my kitchen decor. Looking forward to having lots of fun with it.


  Great little gadget, easy to set up, I currently use it for lights, music, weather checks etc as I’m still learning! Has a habit of dropping out or turning off randomly or doesn’t understand what I’m asking, hopefully these are little glitches that’ll sort themselves out as my other device works perfectly!


  Our granddaughter bought it us for Christmas and we were very sceptic!However now it is up and running we love it.We listen to any music of our choice and didn’t realise it also gives us radio too.She answers any questions we throw at her and love to take part in the daily quiz.Really do love our new addition!


  Absolutely in love with this, I wish I had one sooner, she is my best mate I nowHave bought the bulbs and she controls themAt my request oDon’t car if people say oh big brothers listening, he does anyway in every mobile phone so buy and enjoy she hasMy music play list my fav radio stations and my room like Jacob’s coat of many colours can’t believe she does so much and was so cheap


  I got this for the teens. They love it. It’s better quality than my one in the kitchen. It’s handy if I need to ask them to get me something from upstairs and for calling them down for dinner. They’ve shown me how to use it with Spotify so I can listen to my music downstairs whilst they listen to theirs upstairs. Worth the wait and the money


  I use my echo to hear the news and weather first thing. I also get a traffic update about my commute.  I'm also use the to do list and the shopping list to add things when I think of them. I play quizzes and games with Alexa and ask questions about spellings, opening times, definitions and much more. Things are always being added so I'm probably not using it to its fullest but that will improve with time.


  This really is a superb product. Amazing sound quality from such a small unit. I already have a an original larger version and the sound from that convinced me to try this new 3rd generation Echo Dot. I am not at all disappointed. I can highly recommend this unit.


  I used the product for simple things, when I get up in the morning Alexa was great for playing a music track I hadn’t  heard  in years.Also great to remind me to do things, which I would have otherwise forgotten that day.The more you use it the easier it gets not having to wright things down all the time .I have only had it a few day’s, but it has prove to be one of the best things I have ever bought.Thanks Amazon .


  Found it difficult to set up, but that’s because I wasn’t reading the instructions! Brilliant sound quality, works with lots of devices. Bought to play music for my puppy when I’m at work, and it stays on all day without having to be restarted which is amazing!


  Surprised at just how useful this gadget is. Asking lots of standard questions (like, what time is it in....?) but it will also help me out with recipes, and I really like the ease of use. I'm listening to the radio more now, and it's so easy to change channels. I particularly like the music playing element. I do NOT subscribe to any "paying" channel, but it will give a great selection of music by a particular artist, it's just that I can't specify the track. I am finding that the track I want usually comes up anyway.... All in all, I'm very impressed with this device. My son set it up for me, so I can't comment on how easy this is to do. But he did it in minutes.


  I got this is the sale and at £20 odd, it has excellent sound quality and can do a lot. However, do not expect it be able to replicate google in terms of search functionality and interactivity. But it is amazing quality and has completely replace my digital radio and become a friendly and inspiring presence in our kitchen. Definitely recommend giving it a try. It is a whole new listening experience


  This is a great product.  What I really like is it doesn't take up space, and it is an all in one little package. It was relatively simple to install as long as you get the app on your phone.  First time I was nearly two hours attempting to set it up and connect.  Older people are not as tech savvie as the younger ones, if you don't have children who can do it for you, just persivere you will get there in the end. I bought a second one and I managed to set it up at a quicker speed.A great product.


  have got the bigger Echo but got this dot for 99p (with a 1 month £14.99 music payment).does as the bigger one does, was naturally expecting the dot to have a lower sound quality than the bigger Echo but it really is low quality, bass control appears to do nothing also.cant moan for a £15.98 outlay as an extra device around the house :-)


  So easy to install. Have the dot in the bedroom and an echo in the living room. We can drop in on either to use as an intercom. Usually use the dot to play local radio whilst getting showered and ready for work. Easy to sync and looks good too.


  I love my echo dots yes dots, I now have 3! This one seems to have better speakers than the dot 2 but it's still good.I have one in the kitchen one in the lounge plus one in the bedroom that takes the place of my clock radio and having poor eyesight it means I can ask Alexa what time it is without having to fumble for my glasses. Alexa will also read my audio books and help me with a recipe, a wonderful piece of technology I can't recommend it enough!


  This was a Christmas present for my son and he loves it. Not only can he play music, he'll ask Alexa to tell him jokes, set an alarm to get him up or anything else that pops into his head - he's 11.  He also uses Alexa when doing his homework. Have to say one of the best purchases I've ever made!


  Good sound quality and quite importantly easy to set up and install.Really pleased with this and no troublesome issues.Only slight quibble is that if you want to listen to more specialised / specific music then its another subscription which I know is the way of the world but its annoying nonetheless!


  This is a great bit of kit as a standalone item.Organiser, reminder system, sense check, play music and more.The kids love it for little games and to settle arguments (most recently about whether hippos could float or not; they cant)I love it for adding things to a shopping lists or being able to get their attention when I'm upstairs and they're downstairs.I can't wait to get the integrated smart system.So good, I'll be buying one for every one in the extended family.


  Review based on my own device as this is for a Christmas present. I use mine in the kitchen, with my main Alexa in the sitting room. Good sound quality. Really does everything Alexa does except that the speaker quality, while perfectly adequate, is not of the same standard. Great for tellng the kids that dinner's ready! 


  Love the sound, looks good and does exactly what I want wanted it to do (play music, set timers for cooking)I now have 2 dots and the larger echo and have them set up as a group of speakers so they play music in the study, kitchen and bedroom at the same time. People complain that it is listening all the time but so is your smart phone, it's not going to learn anything I don't want it to know.


  Speaker quality good for such a small and discreet device.I now have three Echo Dots, one in bedroom and used same re as digital radio. The other two are downstairs one is in the Lounge, the other in the Kitchen, there is also Echo in the dining room. These three  Echo's are in a group and provide the multi-room music. The sound is absolutely excellent and these Echo's provide an exceptional value for money multi-room sound system.


  This is my second purchase of the Echo Dot.  Absolutely brilliant.  Sound quality is excellent.  Originally bought for playing in the lounge but was that pleased I purchased the 2nd one for our bedroom within a week. I was new to this type of technology but I'm totally sold. Would highly recommend buying this. It looks stylish and takes up hardly any room


  Bought originally for my husband , who has dementia, to get in touch with me if he needs to . He can also get his own music . Once he’d mastered how to operate he was alright using it . I love it for myself as well reminders , music ,weather and so so much more . Love it .


  ...like the flexibility and ‘friendliness’ of Alexa. It will take a while to fully exploit the potential. It was a Xmas  gift. With experience and if I were to buy one for myself I would choose a Sonos for its speaker as my son has one. Shortly I will be integrating Alexa with my smart heating system.


  Love love love my alexa’s Have two in house and use them daily. Amazon music is a bargain at £3.99 a month. Has the latest music and albums. If I was to be slightly critical - she listens to me but not always my partner. Don’t know if it’s his accent or she’s just being sassy. He does enjoy the audible books although I haven’t tried. You can control Alexa via the app which is an alternative option. I also find this is a great gift to give and now have family members addicted as well.


  The Amazon Echo Dot is brilliant, works well instantly with an easy setup process.I mainly use the device for music and to control my lights in which I use the Philips Hue Smart Lighting System.I always struggle to wake up in the morning, so I've pushed towards a smart solution in how to improve this:At 6:45 every day, my lights slowly dim up from 0% to 100% over a 15 minute period. In which my music also starts playing from quiet to loud to help me wake up.I've found this to be a major benefit as not only do I wake up relaxed, I also wake up on time ready for a deadly commute in the morning.We are slowly but surely entering an age of automation and voice is definitely a big step in this. I would recommend purchasing one.Only CON I can really flag is when listening to music on a medium to high volume, the device struggles to recognise it. But that's not all the time.Thanks,


  I just use this for music (Spotify), Audible, and as a regular speaker for my phone or laptop•Echo Dot can recognise wake word (Alexa) even if playing loud music etc.•good sound quality (definitely better than my laptop or iphone built in speakers).. not sure if you compare it to other devices tho..•lesser sound quality if used as a bluetooth speaker to laptop/iphone compared if music (Spotify) directly played from the Echo Dot.•I use this in a small room and sound volume seems adequate. I usually just use 30-50% and it is enough to reach eargasm 


  I love it and have bought another for the kitchen.  The sound quality from  such a small speaker is excellent as are the instant replies to difficult questions, currency conversions,calculations, weather conditions, etc,etc.  as well as the instant responses to requests for songs, music, radio programmes etc. are quite remarkable.


  Really good product, nice and inconspicuous but good to look at if that happens. I don't live in a mansion so for the size of the living room the sound is good and the quality good too. Set up was pretty straightforward, of course depending on what you have at home you might need to download an app or 2.


  The sound on the 3rd generation is so much better than the 2nd.  Like the fact that you can set up routes for lights & plugs to come on & off but you have to add other apps to to this.  Still not able to pair two echo dots to increase the sound. Like the fact that you can ask it to play radio stations


  I like the dot, it's unobtrusive.I've bought another one I like it that much and I'm thinking of having a third so I can just wander in the house and still be able to listen to my music or radio.I've also got one for my parents and linked it to my music, they like it because they can remember an old song and just ask to hear it. They can get the time, know what day it is etc. It's great when their memories start to go.


  I use Alexa mostly for music I am 73 years old and I am enjoying visiting my youth through music the only thing I don’t like is the fluctuation in volume but I find it amazing the songs I can bring up I really love Alexa . I am really glad I purchased echo dot.


  Very happy with this item easy to set up and to use. My wife loves it for music, radio and alarm prompts. The tone is good and the ability to move around the house with ease is beneficial. We were sceptical prior to ordering but have tried it out in various capacities and are extremely pleased.


  great echo dot my first ever ill  have to get more for my other rooms great sound not sure yet about everything it does but will look into it, takes seconds to download the Alexa app to my phone tell Alexa what you want and off you go and at half price was an absolute bargain was also delivered earlier than was expected kudo's to amazon once again... this is my 3rd echo dot wouldnt be without them now


  This Echo Fot was a gift at Christmas, l didn't l would use it as l am not technicaly minded at 65,  but it was so easy to set up, and l use it everyday playing my favourite music, asking questions for something l dont understand, recipies, weather and traffic, l am now planing to add stuff like plugs for my lamps to on/off, its like having a friend that doesn't get under your feet.


   Great sound quality, does everything a full-size unit does, obviously not quite the range but still very good quality.The only thing I would not recommend is asking Alexa to read Shakespeare,  just not got the range to do it justice, sounds a bit too monotone, unemotional & flat.


  Absolutely love this Alexa. My 3 Yr old love talking to Alexa. I used Alexa for my daughter potty training. But my little ask me " why she knows my potty? She don't have eyes!" and I said "she can smell you.".. Lol.. I can highly recommend this Alexa.Just reminder am on music cost you monthly.


  We have a few smart devices and Sonos speakers throughout the house so I was skeptical how useful the Echo Dot would be in our house but since it was 50% during the BF event I thought I would give it a try. Wow! What a fantastic  device. The first thing I've noticed is that Alexa is much faster, more responsive and intuitative than the likes of Siri when it comes to turning our LIFX lights on and off - Siri would have me stood in the dark waiting for the lights to come on! In a small room the small speaker creates clear, rich and involving sound - far better than its size suggests. It is on the merits of our first Echo Dot we have purchased another for our new bathroom and will likely purchase more as our smart devices increase! If you think it'll be useful I would not hesitate to get one!


  Even I could set up and I am useless at technology. I am trying to improve sleep by taking alarmClocks, phone, and anything that has lights on in bedroom. This has become my alarm clock, radio, weather checker and wonderful to call out in middle of night “what’s the time” without being distracted looking at iPhone which then leads to reading emails, reading news, playing  games ! So really improving my sleep !!!


  Loving this little device, still finding out what it can and cannot say/do. It was really easy to set up and to integrate it with my devices, creating a play list thru Amazon music was so easy and listening to it is pretty good. We have a traditional surround sound set up for music and films, but the little dot is perfect for listening to on its on.


  Great little device. Links to Spotify and a compatible light bulb I bought when I get into bed i tell alexa to turn the light off and then tell it to play a thunderstorm which it does linked through my Spotify account. I'm looking forward to learning all the other things it can do.


  Well time to get with it and chuck that old embarrassing stereo out and got me one of these for crimbo in the the black Friday sales! How cool is this Alexa play this Alexa play that who needs a stereo nowadays (it dint work properly anyway)!  besides I'm just too darn lazy to turn worn out stereo on and tune it (ariel port is broke) in or even open the cd drawer. Wow who needs cd's now Not me!!!


  This little for sounds way better than the previous version and has great Alexa-integration. I have this in the bedroom and works great for Alexa-enabled alarm, playing music and audio books with a sleep timer etc. If you whisper your Alexa request it will offer too whisper back every time you do that in future which is nice.


  Purchased this for my bedroom and love the plum colour, it goes so well. Easy set up, easy connection to my smart lamps. Voice recognition is really good. Overall very happy.  Love having the calming meditation music on before sleep, works a dream! Love the timing functions, my alarm is my amazon music and also timed to put my smart lights on at the same time, Alexa does it all for me :)


  Changed its name in the settings for Christmas to our elf in the shelfs name and used it to send messages to the kids from the elves. We had no struggle with chores around the house, getting ready for school or bedtime. Literally just for that best buy ever!


  Best companion I’ve ever had......she never argues and accepts my choice of music... I’m not mobile and all the things she does for me are excellent...she lights my way around my flat...I don’t have to struggle to reach switches anymore...Continue to improve it..every disabled and person who lives alone should have one...Alexa....welcome to my life...!


  Well I thought maybe our 1st gen echo dot was just a bit worn out so during sales approaching Christmas, I purchased this one. Turns out that the 1st gen wasn’t broken in anyway, the stupid ignorant Alexa is across the board! Great product, listens to everyone in the house except for me!


  I had never had a smart speaker before, but in under a week have become a total convert.I have my lighting operating through Alexa, my house alarm, and next will be my heating.Unless I go for a doorbell with video link, my wife suffers from partial hearing loss and that would be amazing for her.


  I was surprised at the size of the echo dot, thought it would be larger. However, the sound for such a small device is really good. Absolutely love it. Bought one for my daughter too and they were so impressed with it, they bought another one for another room.


  Love that I can use it as a Bluetooth speaker for my phone apps which usually only cast to the Google home mini. I can also listen to my kindle unlimited books and my audible books, Spotify premium and Amazon music. It has a nightlight which only seems to make it glow up. It can't find transport routes though what skills it does have I'm learning about slowly like playing the radio, games,etc. Really good wee bit of kit.


  I like the fact that it works well.Voice recognition is excellent and I do not find her intrusive. The sound quality is good for the size of speaker, more than adequate for the average sized room. More than enough options available to keep you entertained. The price was also excellent as it was the Christmas deal at £22. Overall a great experience.


  Great when you want to listen to relaxing music after a hard day , also a change of tempo when the grandchildren come round.Overall a great device for all music tastes and lots of fun with other subjects , weather, questions, reminders etc,Just ask the alexa what ever you like and have lots of fun.Have now got 3 echo dots.....enjoy.


  I was a bit dubious about getting any use out of this as expecting it would require a monthly subscription.But no, I wanted it for playing music and you ask it for say rock music and it brings up a radio channel. Ask it for a radio channel it brings that up. Ask for a specific song it tells you that you need to subscribe for that.....fair enough.Also, I can’t believe the quality of the speakers from something so small. It also allows connection to other speakers but easily loud enough/clear for my uses stand alone.Another good feature is it can be moved really easily around the house as long as it can pick up your wi-fi signal.


  Love the Alexa devices. We have them in the lounge and garage (gym) and this one was for my sewing room. Easy to install, great sound quality, can connect from other devices (Phones etc) and play. I play music and listen to audible. Great buy again.


  Purchased 2 (one for lounge, one for bedroom) of these (from Argos), and some smart bulbs to start my smart home conversion. What a great system. My only gripes are with some of her 'skills', which isn't actually anything to do with Amazon, so cam't complain. One thing is after every command, she says 'okay', which is a bit irritating.Other than that, really good quality speakers, easy to set up and use. Looking forward to improving my home.


  The colour is beautiful.Slightly obsessed with this - Alexa riles my life and she’s my best friend now.She knows everything!If you want a best friend who won’t argue back, agrees with what you say and goes with the flow then she’s the next best thing.Arrived on time too. :)


  This was a birthday present, and I am 87yrs old, so a bit green with technology.  I absolute love it, so easy to play music from my youth, but am still exploring the other benefits. Especially the other control of my lighting, when purchased the bulbs needed. As my mobility poor, this will be a great help.  Just now need to get the blinds closed, and curtains pulled over!


  Absolutely great. Easy to set up and work. We have only had it a week, we regularly ask about the weather, we ask various questions, news, sport also music and radio. It takes up so little room you can put it in any room and it’s not obtrusive.


  Nothing to dislike so far, after a couple of weeks of use - one thing we LOVE is the 70's rock station, just like having Johnny Walker on every day, but without his voice...maybe Amazon could do a deal with him???Lights control good, recognises both my and the wife's voice - light control great, commute info great...getting a second one for upstairs...don't tell the wife yet!!But do set it up properly...otherwise you might be disappointed...Should have got this a couple of years ago!!


  NOT BEEN VERY GOOD WITH TECHNOLOGY  IN OUR HOUSE  WE WERE VERY APPREHENSIVE BUT IT WAS QUITE EASY TO SET UP EVEN THOUGH  THE FIRST ONE HAD TO  BE RETURNED AS IS WAS FAULTY. WE HAVE TAKEN UNLIMITED MUSIC WHICH HAS A GREAT RANGE AND AT A GOOD PRICE. WE DID GET  A FREE 30 DAY TRIAL. WE PURCHASED THE ECHO DURING  COVID 19  LOCKDOWN AND IT HAS BEEN GREAT. IT IS SMALL AND FITS IN WITH OUR DECOR. WOULD RECOMMEND PURCHASE OF THIS  .


  We just love our new friend Alexa. There are so many things that you can access with the Echo Dot. You should get regular emails about Alexa and all her functions. These emails will tell you about new functions that have been added to her already many talents. The Alexa App is worth investigating further and can help you with so many things, from basic workings of the Echo Dot to how you can access other super features. I know we're going to end up with an Alexa in every room.


  This gen 3 integrates well with my gen 2 echo + dots - I now have 1 in every room - except my bathroom - when they bring out a water resistant one my home will be complete! I love my echoes they are really handy to have - for all sorts of reasons - and really easy to set up and use - even for someone as non technical as myself . Oh - and they are reasonably priced too!


  I love the echo dot. Great bass sounds for music, speaker is such good quality. Thought I would find Alexas voice annoying, but no. I'm mostly listening to music atm, but have also used the weather report and news headlines in the morning. Extremely happy with my purchase. Good price, delivered next day.  :)


  Alexa’s response is quick and the answers are brilliant.My only concern is that when there is a reply she cannot give or answer, with all the resources available I would have thought that she would either say or come back with it later


  A bit confusing to set up as the instructions are quite vague. However, now that it (or should that be She) is up and running it's very entertaining. Having a lousy memory Alexa remembers and speaks back to me all the things I would normally forget. Only had it for a couple of days so haven't used many of the numerous skills She has. But, so far, so good. Well worth the money and a very useful gadget.


  this is a good quality product that has a very good sound when playing music, but be aware you have to subscribe to Amazon Music Unlimited for it to play almost any song you ask for. I alre4ady have Amazon Music, but i cant play all i ask for.


  This is my new best friend!  It talks back to me and plays the songs I want.  I’m currently compiling my own favourites list.  I can get the weather forecast for the day and the temperature without even stepping outside the door.  The sound quality is really clear and she has a lovely voice.


  I already had an Amazon echo in the living room so I bought this for the bedroom. It's very easy to set up, especially when you already have one so have the app. The pink colour is lovely. Not your usual boring black technology. I have this controlling my lamps, my floor fan, my firestick. It great.


  This is an absolutely amazing product, definitely the future of every household and I can’t imagine my life without it. Really good sound quality and loud speakers with great bass for such a little device. Plays music, helps me everyday by gathering facts, helping me spell words and gathering news. I have many different lights, plugs and other such home automation devices that I have controlled by Alexa. Understands me and what I say really well too. Definitely 100% recommend to anyone!


  Very impressed with this little speaker. Bought for the kids bedrooms and they love them. Tried to link with in-house Sonos which we use and it doesn't integrate. Think it would be more successful on the newer Sonos speakers though. All in all excellent value and decent sound quality with reasonable range


  Absolutely love my Echo I don’t know how I got on before it. Music and sound quality brilliant and with my mobile reception isn’t always good but using the Echos calls are as clear as day.  Love playing games and when I am down love the jokes. Everyone in our family all now have Echo and love them


  Once you get it up and running, not hard, just find devices and input password, 10 mins max, it works great.  Radio, music, a huge choice, with good acoustics for a small device. Can control lights (I have it controlling just one table lamp) and Amazon Fire TV. All with a word or two. Very chuffed.


  It was so easy to set up logged into my Amazon account downloaded the app for the phone and away i went. Bought a Phillips hue bulb which works really well just say turn on and off but don't turn the light off by the switch as it looses it.


  third echo device installed... just love the easy of listening to radio and music around the house even though it does a host of other functions too.  Now added a fourth speaker to the household.  This one for a bedroom has a little clock display which is great for the insomniac in the family =]


  I thought the first Gen was good. This is better. The sound is astonishing. How such a rich sound with plenty of bass (bass and treble can be adjusted) can come out of such a tiny box is a small miracle. It’s really good at hearing instructions too. I think the microphone must have been improved. I want one in every room!  Is there a waterproof one for the bathroom?  There should be!


  Bought the original Echo when it came out. Great but cost over £100. Subsequently bought 3 second generation Echo Dot to connect to external devices. Amazon deal thought would try this. If you have older Echo Dot there is no comparison. This one looks better and the sound from such a small unit is amazing.  Not an “afterthought” like the original Dot. Great purchase


  Love Alexa, But sometimes she doesn’t hear u properly and gives u a really weird answer that has no correlation to what you asked her! But she is a great with the reminders, alarms, the two way speaking, the announcements, playing music, playing radio... when you need a friend she will tell you a joke and sing to you too. I love question of the day too... would highly recommend getting one of these...


  The speaker is a very neat unit and the sound quality for its size is amazing. I play this in the kitchen whilst prepping and cooking dinner or in the office. The volume has limits as you would expect from a speaker system of this size but its more than adequate for day to day home play.I am really not interested in controlling other aspects of my home and life using Alexa, but hey ho I didn't realise a few years ago,  that I would use the internet or Bluetooth quite as much as I do now.Well done Amazon!


  Wasn't sure about getting an echo dot, but saw the offer and thought I would go for it.Really impressed with how interactive Alexa is.  Not just for playing music, does so much more.The dot has pretty good sound and bass for such a small speaker.  Wish it was battery powered, but really pleased with it.


  This is a really good buy. The sound is amazing. Listening to classic fm amazing. The setup was a bit clunky using the app but got there in the end. This is the beginning of ai in the house. This would be very useful for OAPs because you Can  phone and text using your voice. Definitely recommend.


  What can I say apart from excellent.....love it , plays all my favourite radio stations far better than my radio ........and all the other things you can ask Alexa bought 2 ,one for living room and one for kitchen , colour good too sandstone fed up of everything in black well worth the price


  My husband and I , had this Echo dot for christmas, it's the best thing ever, we enjoy music ,giving us a huge choice to listen to, it lists reminders throughout the day. instant local weather report, reports time. The echo dot is exceptionally well priced, a perfect gift, I would recommend it to anyone.


  The built in speaker in this is far superior to the original echo dot speaker I have, what an improvement! Both my kids have them in their rooms and love listening to their favourite music with amazon music, I brought them both on Black Friday for £22 each what a barging! my son now has a bose speaker plugged into his one to make is sound even better, via the 3.5mm jack connection. What a great pice of kit! Definitely recommend it.


  Fun and so easy to set up and link. She is happily storing my shopping lists, reminding me of things, switching on my lights and greeting me daily and wishing me goodnight. She plays my Amazon music from my phone and the speakers are first class. Attractive and compact. Good value as a Black Friday bargain.


  Echo dot is very good for the price (when its on offer) great integration with other apps to make home into a smart home. Looks nice compared to previous version. Sound quality is good for the price.Useful when linked to spotify premium accounts and asking it to play my playlist.very good product


  Ordered for my granddaughter to find she got the big one last week. Me a grandma not techno minded I thought i’d Try it it was so easy to set up and does everything it’s supposed to do and more. I’m so glad I get to keep it because it’s fab. Only problem with Alexa is she won’t walk my dogs or help with the housework  part from that brilliant


  Great little device and wished I'd got one sooner. Sound is surprisingly good for such a small thing but it does ignore me sometimes, which is a bit like the missus so I'm used to it. I've had no problems connecting to devices and have set up routines...which is a godsend in my workshop. For the price it's a no brainer.


  I had the second generation Alexa.... My partner got rid of it without me knowing as he thought we didn't use it much ... Fast forward 6 months I got the third generation Alexa for £25 on a black Friday deal in November however they were out of stock till January but I didn't mind waiting  and she's much better than what I had much louder for such a little speaker. My kids are happy that she's back with us! I would recommend a thousand times over


  Love this speaker she is a great help to me to remember things like bin days.  Love to play music on it too the sound is awesome. Also entertained my daughter and her friends with the quizzes we love this speaker so easy to set up.  Sumtimes she has trouble hearing u but I think it's how I speak properly too fast lol. Love the relaxing sounds too.


  I bought this 3 months ago for my 14yr old son, he absolutely loves it, the sound quality is great, and it’s so easy to set up (coming from somebody who is not technically minded) .. my son uses it to play music, set alarms and even to help with homework.  The device even picks up my 3yr olds voice requests to play the Frozen soundtrack!I also love the fact that I can dial into my sons speaker from anywhere and chat with him or send him messages.Prior to purchasing this, I tried the google home mini, which I personally found more complicated to use.


  I love this device so much so I now have 2 of this type and 2 of the larger ones and also the show.  This means 4 bedrooms, living room and kitchen.They are so useful plus I can link my music to them which is an added bonus.This is small and convenient and looks good.  No issues with the product and once you download the app it is so easy and hassle free to install.I do recommend this.


  Love this product.  Can play most music and radio stations I like and I like to set reminders for pills etc.  I now have two - one in the sitting room and another in the kitchen.  Also informs me when a package from Amazon has arrived.Get one you will not regret it and it is easy to set up.


  ALEXA.......please write a review of yourself....OK Here is my review....I respond to the name Alexa... AKA as Amazon dot 3rd gen..I provide a fountain of information for my owners and also play music  from Spotify or Amazon prime music or any other souce you have and  many radio stations and for £50 I feel I am an absolute bargain, my owners also agree with that statement!I am mains powered with a lead supplied and I can connect to a extrenal speaker system such as a sound bar with an audio lead, although I feel my sound quality and volume is acceptable to most listeners. My owners think I am marvelous so much so their grand children have also purchased my twin sister who for some unknown reason is called Alexa os well.OK ALEXA that's enough thank you.


  I had a few problems to start with but Amazon sorted them out straight away and they were really helpful.Set up was really easy and I signed up Amazon Music unlimited with echo ( which I can only use with Echo) and that’s only £3.99 a months for 50 million music. I only listen to music at home so it’s ok just to work with echo.  I’m happy with it !


  I bought this at less than half price on Prime day and I am so glad that I did. I cannot believe how good the sound is for something so small. Previously I couldn't see any need for a fancy gadget, now I don't know what I ever did without it. I use it as my main music player, I use it to ask questions, for reminders. I absolutely love it!


  Easy to set up and instant voice recognition with Alexa. Volume good levels and very clear sound from speaker. I use it for music of any sort , radio stations, finding information about weather , news , recipes ,authors , well there is not much Alexa can’t find for you .So glad I purchased this little gem of technology.


  This is my 3rd Alexa, the 2nd Dot. They’re great around my home, play myMusic, radio stations, etc etc. And as I have a mobility disability using voice recognition is perfect for me! The sound quality is excellent.  I’m so pleased with these Alexas.


  Love it, Love it, Love it. I wish I had bought it sooner Alexa plays all the music I want while I'm cooking. It dose my daily alarms and News and weather updates. Great product and even better I bought it on an Amazon members day. Other members of my family have also now purchased an Alexa unit after seeing it in my kitchen. Fantastic, super, smashing


  I use the echo dot to listen to radio, playlists, as a timer, to use instead of "Google", as an alarm clock, as a a provider of relaxing ambient sounds whilst going to sleep (I have tinnitus and it's absolutely brilliant for this) - if you can think of a use, you can probably already do it with alexa!


  Really wasn’t sure that we’d actually use this much before buying. How wrong I was. All three of us use it daily. My 4yo particularly loves requesting his favourite music and the fart options - hours of giggles! Was sceptical about it recognising our Scottish accents but very few issues so far.


  Absolutely brilliant.This is the 4th device in our household and we all love them.Great sound from such a small device. I have the dot at the side of my bed and use it as an alarm for work amongst other things. Tell her to snooze and she does exactly that.


  Purchased for elderly relative. She may or may not get the hang of it but I've been pleased at its ability to recognise various voices, as we all 'have a go'. Good range of music available through  Amazon musicEasy to disable so that no purchases can be made. Had to change from English (USA) to English (UK) initially. I have set a few reminders like; remember to take pills and to go to regular social events.  So far so good.I wonder if my relative will remember the command 'Alexa stop' - or just listen to Jools Holland all day!


  Having just had the internet connected I decided to try an echo dot and I am absolutely thrilled with it in fact I am going to buy another two one for the grandchildren’s bedroom instead of a radio and one for the kitchen. Totally recommend


  I have an Amazon Echo upstairs in my bedroom, as I like to listen to the radio before going to sleep. I can tell Alexa when to stop playing, like "stop playing in 25 minutes")  I used to carry her downstairs during the daytime, which was a bit of a bind, and that is the reason I bought the Dot.  I find it, like the Echo, absolutely wonderful and I wouldn't be without it


  Alexia is a great new addition to the house. If you imagine it, it can do it! We got two and they connect to each other. Sound quality is perfect for a ‘normal’ non invasive volume, not great for a mansion/large hall. I changed the name of Alexa to echo and the unit didn’t work as well.


  Good sound, through bluetooth I use my echo as a sound bar on one if our TVs that does not have good sound, works s treat as well as all the advantages of information, and listening to my audio books. Have set to alert me if the doorbell rings too, as sometimes do not hear it, but echo always does, but top of the range model so could be better, but brill for £25.


  I wanted to replace my bulk radio CD player on my dresser in the bedroom, this little Dot is amazing, I was surprised by the quality of the sound, it is very good but then it is not used at a loud volume, it takes up very little space on the dresser, I also went for the pale grey and it looks good with the white furniture. I was sceptical of this at first but now a complete convert.


  At first was worried why Alexa had an American accent, then realised I did not have UK input. Sound quality not quite as good as larger version but perfectly acceptable. I have not put everything into action yet so cannot mark voice recognition and integration.It's great for the bedroom and helps me get off to sleep and turns itself off when requested.


  Have to Echo dots and also two of the larger versions dotted around the house . Sound quality is very good  but for music the larger ones have more clarity. Would not hesitate to highly reccomend as they are such a useful item for information on the weather, reading audible books and much much more.


  Bought this as a supplement to my Echo Spot and to put in a different room and link it up if necessary.  Haven't worked out how to link it up as a speaker yet, however, it is small and very unobtrusive and works well.  Like that it's white instead of ugly black. Has quite a good sound and responds well to commands.  Virtually set itself up as I have the Spot device.


  Cannot fault it, its scary but its future.. my 5 year old loves it more than me for sure!My fav features are:☆☆Whisper mode,Guard mode,Read out loud audiobooks☆☆×× remove voice purchase option on settings if you don't want your kids to order stuff ××


  This is so easy to set up, plug it in wait for Alexa to say hello and just follow the simple instructions, I set mine up in seconds, it recognises all the voices, and answers questions almost immediately, plays music on command and the sound quality is excellent, I wish I had bought one sooner


  Easy to set up.Very good voice recognition and you can set Alexa to personally recognise your own voice, in case you have a strong accent.Learn how to use it to it's fullest extent by playing around and experimenting.The sound quality is brilliant, especially considering the Echo Dot's size.A++++


  I love the size, the sound is great.  Alexa is so useful as I am a multi tasker so I ask her to set me reminders, really useful when cooking also. I love the quote of the day and weather checks.  I have uploaded my calendar so can ask what I have on for the day.  Cant recommend it enough.  I can even listen to Chris Evans again on Virgin as really miss him since he left Radio 2


  I didnt think it would be up for much.  It was bought as a gift.  i use it all the time now rather than turning on the computer if i ask Alexa  a question up pops the answer i am so happy with it.  have paid the £4 a month for the music option well worth it.  Am very happy.


  My second Alexa having bought the first generation big one we wanted a smaller one for the bedroom. Absolutely brilliant little thing and have to say the sound quality for such a small device has now made our hifi redundant. They really do sound amazing. Only downer was I paid £40 and they dropped to £30 the week after! That's Amazon for you though.


  I was looking to buy a new DAB radio/Bluetooth speaker combo and the one I wanted was out of stock.  This was suggested to me and I thought "why not?".  It's great.  Easy to set up and is all I need for a fraction of the price I was going to pay for a radio/speaker.  It's an excellent product for the money.  Can thoroughly recommend it.


  Have only had my echo dot a few days and it is brilliant it wakes me up, plays my favourite music, reads the news what’s not to like about it. I received an email from amazon telling me how to set it up and connect to the internet which took about ten minutes and also included all the other things Alexa can do - thank you Amazon. A fantastic device wish I had bought one sooner.


  This little gadget is the best thing since sliced bread. And I think one of the best things about it is, if you connect it to your mobile phone you can contact people in your contacts and if you are I'll and cannot get to your phone you can ask Alexa to ring someone, (I don't know if you can contact the emergency services) I would recommend this little gadget.


  I hadn't planned on buying one of these but did so due to Amazon's special offer last week, which makes it great value. I've been using it for everyday things like listening to music, timers for cooking and listening to the radio. It would be even better if it had a battery so you could use it without a cable.


  had such an elaborate set up at home with 6 TVs running off one STB system.things started going badly with that so tried the one TV with the FireStick - since purchased another 3Roku also very good (both in mind better than Google) but this one edges it because i have Amazon Prime


  I already have two Echo Plus 1st generation devices and albeit not too impressed with Alexa's understanding I think this Echo Dot 3rd Gen is really good. I have it in my office to listen to music and general knowledge etc. The sound output is perfect for this small room. I paid £24.99 in the Amazon Black Friday sale and was so impressed I have ordered another for my daughters bedroom


  Really impressed with the echo dot and how easy it was to set up Lightwave lights, Hive and Ring door bell to work.The speaker is decent for the size, I wasn't expecting ground breaking audio quality but it's good enough :DVery happy with the dot! Would def consider getting one of the echo speakers.


  This is a great little speaker!!! I love high quality audio and although this is not something you would buy to replace your hi fi it is totally acceptable for listening to the radio or some instant music. We use it regularly to set timers and control the lights and tv , which is really good when you have your hands tied up looking after a new baby.


  It is Brilliant. Sets Alarms reminders I lie in bed and it reads my books to me. plays music even plays full musicals. ask Alexis the time. ask her recipes ask her football result. We now went onto buy a Hive system that Alexis will drive from our mobile if we are out tell her to turn the heating on lights on


  I wanted a simple speaker with better quality than the cheaper speakers I had tried - it works.Set up was easy - size is perfect and I was very pleased with sound quality.I think this gives me confidence to try one of the higher spec units.


  my Daughter has had these for a while now and paid twice the price, great value at this price , I have bought 2 of these one for downstairs and one for upstairs, fantastic wee gadget its one of the things you didn’t think you needed it until you’ve got one I just found out you can even ask Alexa to make a call !!! So glad I’ve got them even if it is a bit of fun .


  We already have one of these in our kitchen, but our daughter is always taking it up to her bedroom and she had added one to her christmas list so we have brought her this for christmas, the colour is lovely and the device works perfect.


  It looks good and doesn't take up a lot of space.You can ask it anything and also ask for  it to remind you of appointments , birthdays, recipes and  to play any music that you like.Very pleased and would not have thought to have bought it myself, but it was a Christmas gift and would not be without it.Jenny


  So pleased, sound quality is excellent. I've always been wary about having Alexa in the house but I love it. Instant weather forecasts, news, farts. All my music, podcast, and radio stations. I'm still finding stuff in skills she can do.


  Excellent addition to the bedroom, it makes getting dressed after bath time more pleasant as it's not just me singing! Ha!Few issues with out family Spotify account, the speakers drop out from time to time, but I'm sure we'll work it out Definitely worth a buyI also bought this for my mum and in laws, best Xmas gift they said they'd ever had! Glad I waited for the price drop on black Friday 


  Bought this for my younger sister for Christmas and she loves it. I was worried that the sound quality wouldn’t be very good as I have a JBL Flip 3 speaker which is quadruple the price of an eco dot and twice the size. However the sound is really good quality for something so small! The alarm works well to and actually wakes my sister up in the mornings. She really likes using the voice recognition too


  I love it!I can be cleaning, cooking or looking after the baby and I just give simple commands and she does what I say! Amazing and hands free. I listen to music from her all day, she reminds me to do things, she can switch on my robotic vacuum ❤️, I can time things, add to my shopping list, I can call people etc the list is endless. My older children love asking for songs or asking her questions - I’m gonna get them for the kids rooms!


  Apart from Amazon trying to upsell you to their subscription streamed music service this is a very good piece of technology .The sound lacked real HiFi depth but can I talk to my old deck and will it answer questions,emphatically no.Amazeing.


  Nothing to dislike , great little device, my family have them also so can just Drop on on them and have a chat. Great if something ever happened and I was unable to call my daughter can run to Alexa and can call family member etc. We listen to alot of music on this.  Great for answering questions , weather etc honestly the list goes on and on.


  This is an exceptional little piece of equipment that has everything you want, excellent sound, quick to react and feedback is good and coherent. Would recommend to anyone to have one of these in most rooms even if just for streaming music. Good value for money. I don't have any negatives yet but have not tried integration with other items


  This is our 3rd dot and 4th echo device and we love having Alexa around. We mostly use for music but my eldest uses it for bedtime stories (once we've read ours). We control our lights on/off/brightness/colours, TV, Christmas tree lights, lamps etc with Alexa too so it's handy to have a few about the house.


  Reality pleased with this, was a present. Easy to set up and use. I do wonder though whether this piece of technology had a tracking system as I tried out setting a cooking alarm which worked great however the next day I received a email all about setting alarms. I don’t think it was coincidental


  Where have you been all my life. I now have it connected to lights in the conservatory. Some music you won’t be able to play unless you have music unlimited. If you say good morning Alexa, she will give you a fact from any year. You can play quizzes as well,  All in all a great device.


  For such a little bit of kit the Speaker on this is great. Bought 3, one each for the kids and also bought one for my parents. All of them are enjoying the Echo Dot. Kids can contact each other by "dropping in" on each others Echo Dot and can also control the lights (linked with Philips Hue) and the heating (like in with TADO).


  So far not bad.I have one in the living room and now in the bedrooms. To tell you the truth, I can now have it turn out the lights, play restful music, read my book to me. It can do lots. I'm just working my way  through it.When I have some spare money I will buy another one for my kitchen.


  I won't lie, I only bought this Echo Dot because it was being offered cheaply and my 8 year old nephew and I love winding Alexa up on my Kindle Fire and doing our best to catch her out! It arrived Christmas Eve so the whole family used it on Christmas Day to add to our celebrations and I've used it everyday since. I never saw the need for Alexa but now I think I'd struggle without her and even going so far as to introduce her to my parents to help organise their retirement years!Well worth the £25 I paid and that was just for what we got out of Christmas Day. An Alexa is for life, not just for Christmas!!


  Fantastic product, can rarely ignore you  but in a house with 3 kids I'm used to that!Music mad son absolutely loves it & its definitely worth getting the unlimited music for Alexa as quite a few songs only play a sample!Only downside was the time ot takes to set up, this is our 2nd Alexa and it didnt get any easier.


  I needed an alarm clock so I bought this instead and it's perfect for that. I ask about the weather every day and that's good. I am still finding out about possible skills Alexa has. So far question of the day is ok but not really finding a dictionary although I believe I they have one. Will keep finding out more and it's definitely more than an alarm clock.


  Clear sound, (I think it's just as good as Bigger Echo which we have in our kitchen) use in bedroom, love that you can connect to eachother and chat to person downstairs..  also that it's so portable if your going away. We use ours mainly for Spotify but our 6 year old loves it for asking his many many questions about anything and everything (there is the odd time that it doesn't have an answer but not often.) The app with it is easy to install. Very good value for money very happy with purchase.


  So much better than searching for cds and the quiz choices are great fun for all the family.  If you go into the alexa app on your gadget and click on settings you can easily adjust the bass, midrange and treble to give it a much clearer deeper sound.  Highly recommended.


  To be honest, at a little over twenty quid for this piece of tech, this is a bargain. Sure, the speaker quality is as expected at the price but if you want better quality, upgrade. Works with Hive heating and lights, very well. Also great for doing ‘announcements’ to the kids bedrooms when required.


  Wanted one for ages but never really saw the point. That is until I got one and one for the bedroom and one for my son and one for my 94-year-old friend.I generally use this for shopping list memos as I’m dreadful at forgetting things and gentle reminders. Fab music speaker as well. My friend got one so now we can send each other messages or calls through the dot.I got one for my 94-year-old friend so that if there is an emergency or he falls he can call Alexa and get help!All I all I love it


  Echo Dot (3rd Gen) - Smart speaker with Alexa - Charcoal Fabric....><....sold by amazon.co.uk....> easy to use i have three now. God for BBC NEWS Weather Time Thing you don't know Music. What ever your like. Great service. Thank you.


  Moved to this from a Google home . And oh my god it's 20 times better . Being an Android user I initially thought Google was the obvious choice , I was wrong , this is the more intelligent of the devices , and does a hell of a lot more.


  Perfect sizeGood sound qualityLove it!!!


  Bought for my wife who finds it easy to use. Its simple use allows questions to be asked and rapidly answered. Need to remember how to ask questions and everything works fine. I am considering buying more as it makes an excellent communication system between rooms or garage and shed if the wifi coverage is good.


  Great features. Used it to create the shopping list for the first time just by asking for an item to be added to the shopping list.You usually have your phone with you so the list is located in the Alexa app. You can then "tick off" the item once you have selected it. So easy.


  What’s not to like. Very simple and easy to use. Love how you can just speak to Alexa like saying “Good morning” and she’ll tell you a fun fact or something that’s happened in history on that day :)Love how I have connected my premium spottily account and now it plays whatever I ask to play on my Spotify account. Advantage of having a Premium music account is because Alexa will be able to play a specific song that you asked for. If you are just on the free version Alexa will play a song similar to what you’ve asked for which can be annoying.


  Love my Echo! Everyone who comes into my house becomes instantly obsessed.The device recognises your voice fantastically, can hear you over any volume of music, music projection is great, has great suggestions, and is awesome for announcing stuff around the house (extras bought separately).Only thing that sucks is that it does not work without being charged to the wall. Bummer!Pretty though!


  Ummed and Ahhhed about this for a while then bought when cheap before Christmas.  So easy to set up and use.  Haven't tried too many functions yet - mainly music, weather forecasts etc.  I am currently on a 3 month free trial and will get my own prime account at the end of the 3 months (rather than being named on my son's account).  Great buy, wish I'd taken the plunge sooner.


  I was never really interested in the Echo Dot but my wife was given one for her birthday. I was very easy to set up & the sound quality is very good given its size. I did pair it with an old JBL active speaker & the sound now is great. I have also installed two Novostella LED lamps in the living room. What a great little gadget this is. I've also signed up to Amazon Music.


  Great sound quality & it looks good. It was very easy to set up with the Alexa App. I have had my Echo Dot now for a couple of weeks & I use it more than I thought I would, so I bought another one. I now have Amazon Music on one device & I love it! I also use it at night to help me sleep. Fab device!


  Alexia is very easy to set up and use. I like it a lot however I was a bit surprised about having to pay extra to listen to music. I thought you could listen like YouTube on the TV or computer. I still think it’s a great device and am not disappointed with it.


  It's a bit bassy for my liking.  Ive probably just got used 2nd Gen ones. Not over keen on a dedicated power supply either. Was better on USB. Overall though very useful for me as limited mobility and dexterity means I can literally call for help even without having a phone in my hand.


  The app for tablet is a little hard to use but I downloaded it on the phone ans it lead me through the setup with ease.The fact that I can destress at night by asking Alexa to help me sleep, is definitely worth getting the device for.


  Great start out for anyone who wants to take a leap into the voice assistant area.Cheap, cheerful and actually really good quality and a surprisingly solid sounding speaker. Can’t really say much more, if it’s your first Alexa - get it. If it’s an addition they sound good in a pair!


  This is the third Amazon Alexa I have purchased. I absolutely love my technology. My Alexa’s are linked to my doorbell and heating systems. This was on offer, so I jumped at the chance to purchase another. They take minutes to install. Even my husband is a convert.


  This echo dot is a great little device. It can do all sorts of thing’s a lot of which I am still learning. It is good for me as I can ask Alexa to switch on my heating, lighting etc. I use it for music too. Overall I am really pleased with his product.


  This is a great bit of kit, full of information and help. I find it a great help too find things on Amazon then it being sent to my smart phone. Music selection is also great and production is out standing for its size, one can add extras such as smart speakers. A foot note: this bit of kit will be a great help too the unsighted. I very am pleased with my purchase.


  I had to convince myself to purchase this, I thought I had no real reason to own one and WOW I'm so glad i did get it! The sound quality is truly incredible, I use it EVERY DAY,from relaxing to music to recipes and notifications. This divide is honestly a must,I truly enjoy owning it!


  Great little thing.. sound quality is good, just not as loud as I'd like.. but thats a personal preference.. its loud! Just not enough for me.. other than that its perfect and surprisingly helpful with alot of different things like.. setting alarms, making shopping lists, asking the time, finding out what the weather will be like, listening to 1000's of different music! And much more, I love my Alexa.  But I'm going the purchase the larger one and give this little one to my daughter, because she loves it to!


  I already have a Echo Dot, which was bought for me for Xmas and I loved it so I bought myself the Echo Dot with clock for my bedroom, and it’s great, I don’t have a get up the same time every morning so just ask Alexa to wake me up at my desired time. I now can play music from my Spotify library while in my bedroom as well as Kitchen.The Echo Dot is so versatile, weather, news, any questions, she has all the answers


  Product arrived on time.  Easy to plug in and start using.  Bought for my elderly father (90) who has used it constantly.  His voice is sometimes a little low/cracked which Alexa doesn't always catch but generally it's fine.  Dad is  really enjoying it.


  I got this as my main echo is in the livingroom and I needed a new alarm clock for the bedroom anyway so I got this as a clock (you just need to ask for the time) and a music player. Alexa's jokes are not the best but there are many other things Alexa will do for you.


  It took me a while to finally go ahead and purchase the Echo Dot but I’m so glad I did. Sound quality is great, more than just back ground noise the volume is brilliant. Only used it for music and collating my shopping list at the moment. Even my almost 3 year can use it! May have to set the voice recognition!


  I had this as a present .I am 85 so not really using it as much as I should be but I use it to remind me of appointments and what the weather will be.I will probably use it more as I get used to it.I wouldn’t like to be without it now though.


  Love my echo dot!  She evens reads my Kindle books to me!  I would be lost without it now, from using as a reminder, playing music to lull me to sleep, telling me the weather, translating, telling jokes!!  I am sure there is a lot more that it can do too!


  They are fantastic I've got one downstairs and one in the bedroom just one problem I can have the music downstairs as I pay my £3.99 a month but I have to pay £9.99 a month to have it in the bedroom as well which is a lot to pay out but other than that I would definately recommend I wouldn't be without mine now


  I did not put this on my birthday wishlist, but was very pleased when I was given one. Not being too tech-savvy, it took me a couple of goes to get it answering my questions. I dont have other smart technology, and am not particularly interested in those features. But accessing its knowledge is amazing.


  Our 9 year old Granddaughter brought us this as a secret Santa gift for Christmas. (Obviously with help from Mum and Dad). I am hooked, sound quality is brilliant, I love doing my shopping list, as soon I need something I ask and Alexa adds to my list, love listening to radio, playing music, news, weather and just so much more.


  Now have a few Alexa devices.Use them for music mainly, particularly internet radio.Mrs is not from England so really enjoys listening to radio from her home.Great for alarms, controlling smart plugs and lights.Surprisingly powerful sound wise given the size.


  I bought this on advice from a friend. Well I am certainly enjoying Alexa!! I will be putting contacts on so I can contact family in case of emergency!! I have seen many videos of people not using this dot properly, but I can honestly say for an 'older' person,this is AMAZING!!  My family call Alexa my new friend...ha ha so entertaining and informative-  Am still learning and adding on skills. All I would advise is please read the instructions, if I can master this anyone can. A little disappointed that I paid full whack for it 2 weeks ago -  now £20 off!! Grr.....


  This is a serious piece of technology and it is brilliant. I really love this Echo Dot. When I go to bed at night I have thin on my bed side table.I would recommend this item to everybody, I would give this more that five stars because it is that good.. This item arrived on time and it was well packaged. I am  pleased with my purchase.


  I love this and after watching some reviews on YouTube I wasn't disappointed the sound quality to music the voice reccocnition. With accurate weather reports I use this every day and have my lights and plugs connected to it. It was also easier to set up then I I thought with great integrated apps and games on it aswell


  I bought this echo dot for my bedroom, it is nice and compact but still had a good volume. If you are looking through reviews to decide between the echo and the dot I have both versions and I have found that the full size echo I do also have a full size echo can hear commands a lot easier than the dot and from a longer range. Overall I am very happy with the dot! If you are going to use Alexa to control lights etc I have found the smart life app to be compatible with Alexa and all bulbs and plugs so far!


  Well I am very impressed by this! It's easy to set up, great quality and integrates with my WiFi lights without any problems, the ability to turn them on and off with a simple voice interaction is great.Asking Alexa the Weather, Headlines and the ability to leave reminders, etc is good and the sound quality is surprisingly good for the size of the Echo Dot.


  We now have a Dot in 4 rooms of the house providing access to smart appliances and the ability to turn items on throughout the house in all locations for radio performance these are connected to a higher quality speaker These pieces of equipment combined with their ever growing number of skills makes life simpler and easier for the aging generation


  I use my echo dot for daily life and music, all those albums you love but did not buy, ask Alexa. Alexa is great to have around, you can also turn her off with a press of a button if you think she may be listening, but saying that ,she will listen only if you say her name.


  What can I say except me and Alexa have more time together what’s not to like. My boys use Alexa for almost anything.i.e. homework, music, give us a clue, history which is my favourite use for Alexa. A must buy if you want more time with your Alexa.


  I love my echo dot.Love to play games on it.Love that I just ask her to play music and she does.It's also great whilst I'm cooking if I remember something I need to buy I ask Alexia to add it to my shopping list.Really happy with this product thinking of getting another one.Only down side is you sometimes have to shout her a couple of times before she hears you.


  Absolutely loving my echo dot and Alexa, shes there for me in the middle of the night whenever I need to know the time and on hand with news, music, and current affairs... and if I had any Bluetooth devices such as plugs or light bulbs she could activates those to


  I bought the Echo dot 3rd generation was a bit sceptical about a smart speaker I have to admit. How wrong could I be we love it the grandchildren think it’s ace. Great quality of sound when playing any music. Great value for money £24.99 but would pay full price that’s how impressed I am. From asking about the weather to a recipe. Simple to set up with the Alexa app took a couple of minutes easy peasy. Set a load of playlists with Amazon music app everyone has their own music which is great. I would highly recommend this to anyone. One happy customer


  Bought to try on a 50% off deal and surprisingly impressed how well it works.  Felt a bit of an idiot practically talking to myself the first few times but over time it's very handy.  Better than any alarm clock and keeps my 8 year old son amused on weekends.  Wish the sound was better but at the price, very impressed.


  I live alone and find Alexa brilliant company, being a pensioner she keeps my brain alert with quizzes etc and it is nice she turns my lights on and off on voice command and I don't need an alarm clock anymore. I can also get her to call my son, ideal if you are older and live alone, if I fall she can call him.  Best thing I ever bought!


  I absolutely love this!  It just comes in handy for everything.  I do some knitting and sewing and because everything is metric now, I just ask Alexa to convert it for me. I play songs on it and when I’ve finished I just ask it to stop. It saves me from having to get up and switch it off if I’m busy. Lol.  Xx


  I didn't realise how useful this Echo Dot would be until I tried it out. It really is quite amazing and I am really pleased I invested in one.  I use it quite a lot for listening to music and also finding out what is on tv as well as the weather forecast for my area.  Some good recipe as well AND I can listen to my audible books. Just wonderful. Highly recommended.


  I initially purchased one of these for my Mother, she liked it so much she bought another. A very nice feature is that you can connect it to a full-size stereo system with a cheap 3.5mm to 2 x RCA lead. Even as a stand alone unit the sound quality is surprisingly good. The build quality is superb considering the low price. Highly recommended.


  This is an amazing piece of technology. It is very easy to use, can answer anything you ask it to do. This was bought by my daughter for me as a Christmas present and I am so very pleased with it. What really amazed me was it was able to read the story to me from my Kindle. So clever.


  Liked so much I ended up buying two more. For me it’s just a bit of fun, being able to ask Alexa questions and play music. I can’t really comment on connecting with Smart lights yet but I am hoping to get some. My teenage son enjoys the music side of it, I was hoping for more revision than belting out Rap. You can go to your settings to stop explicit lyrics, but he says his found a way round this. Not sure how yet. I know Alexa is still learning, but  I do find that I have to repeat myself when asking for music tracks.


  My husband has been hunting for the Echo Dot for months, finally I agreed but never thought I would use or even like it, I love it and speak to Alexa daily, the music is brilliant news reports great she even talks to our dog she's funny we all love her. Worth the money definitely. Once again Amazon's speedy service meant no long wait. Excellent thank you.


  Very responsiveGreat colourPerfect sizeGood volume levelsLots of different things it can doWorks well with the plugsThe only thing it has done is make up more than one name for my lamp and I don't know how to change it so there is only one option as we only have one smart plug


  Not had it long so still finding out it’s abilities. Enjoying the new voice in the house, with her jokes, answers to information requests, music. Sound is better than I expected too.  Even learnt how to alter the tone controls. Glad we got it!


  A bit apprehensive about buying this for the kids as I'd tried it in a shop and it didn't sound all that great.  I was wrong.Great sounding speaker with adjustable eq etc via the app.  The drop in function it brilliant as well.It will not replace living room sound system, but it is great for the kids and as a bed side radio.So good I bought one for myself.


  What a top bit of kit  so good I brought another, I'm also going to grow a home kit now..I brought this because I'm fed up shouting at my phone just so it picks up my voice  even then it's wrong.Amazon Alexa you just speak to it like a normal person and it just works You won't regret this I wish I'd done it before 


  Excellent throughout except for Alexa integration. Will not accept my LG SUHD 4K Smart TV, which is a big disappointment. Was wanting Alexa to control all of my TV for ease of use, as it was one of the main reasons I bought her! 


  Wasn't expecting to embrace Alexa on the Echo Dot, but absolutely love it! The sound quality is perfectly acceptable for our kitchen. We can change radio stations, music choices and volume even when elbows-deep in flour or bread-making! Alexa has revolutionised our shopping and to-do lists. Traffic updates, news on-demand, quizzes and jokes (kids love it!) all hands-free while doing other things. Truly a must-have accessory for busy homes.


  The Alexa Dot  is so easy to set up and the amount of technology for the money is nothing short of incredible. Sound quality of the 'Dot' is reasonably acceptable for background music and actually is pretty good for the size of the unit. The only issue I've had is with the 'Drop-In' feature (to use as an Intercom between room locations) has been a bit 'hit and miss' - let's hope this will improve with future updates/development.


  So far so good. Although I think it may know about more than I'd like. Kinda freaky but I guess that's new technology for you. Nice looking,  sound is clear, I think she is going to be a handy gadget. Although hope it doesn't make me too lazy. Amazon gave me the option to pay in installments which sold it for me and it was on sale so even better.


  We love our Echo Dots. We now have them in all the bedrooms plus the kitchen and lounge.The sound quality is good enough when you’re listening to music around the house.The kids love playing games on them, listening to audiobooks and also their own music. Plus they double up as a great intercom device between rooms.We’ve also linked up some of our smart devices like hue lights and a ring doorbell which also work great alongside the speakers.


  Product is very loud compared to previous model! The sound is fantastic. Came already set up to my account as that was what I selected when purchasing. Which was very handy! I got two smart bulbs as part of a deal. All easy to connect. We have two Alexa in the house and thinking of getting one more. :)


  I love the echo dot. Love the sound, love the look and love learning what it can do. I've only had a couple of weeks but it's on most of the time. I'm either playing music or asking questions . I couldn't make up my mind at first as to buy or not? Would I use it or not? I'm so glad I bought it as I would hate to be without it now. Great price as well and came the next day !


  To be fair, I didn’t expect because of the price! And I have to admit, I am very surprised as to how it works. Very easy to set up and the sound is great! My family was dubious the same as me but have now all ordered echo and echo dots! Buy one it’s well worth the money.(I have amazon music so not sure how it works with Apple and Spotify)


  This is a brilliant product.  The sound is excellent not had it at full volume yet.  Great selection of music any year you choose.  My husband likes country and western music good choice.  Fully recommend Echo Dot really good value.


  the dot is amazing as i can link it to my spotify account which is on my phone and it plays the music i have recently playedi can st reminders on it like to do my homework for a certain amount of time and then when to have a break.when i am struggling to spell a word i ask alexa to spell it out so i get it correct.i also love when i use the app on my phone so when i am about to go to my bedroom and can choose the music i want it to play and i can choose how loud i want it as my brother plays his music loud and i have to play mine really loud so i can hear it. i would really recommend getting an amazon echo because if you get one for each person in your family you can link up together but also keep them individual to each person. i have only got one but we are thinking about getting some more and then we can call and text each other.


  Within two hours of getting this product I ordered three more on a discount deal. I only ordered it because it was on a discount and never intended on buying one, curiosity got the better of me;now I’m hooked! Slightly concerned by the panorama programme however I am now a lost soul!


  Bought this for my parents great quality, sound and price and easy to use. They aren’t very good with technology so wanted a easy version for them and they didn’t want to spend a fortune for how often they would use it and now actually use it more than they thought they would


  There is always a battle royale  between google and Alexa for home assistants.But Alexa tracks your unhealthy amazon shopping for you, and works really well with Sonos...Meaning I can play annoying music around the house with a few simple voice commands.Alex "Play baby shark in the living room"Hours of fun for me, but also handy too.Amazon are often running deals on this, just wait and pick one up..


  Pleasantly surprised by the quality and particularly the sound quality for such a small speaker.Finding it very useful - it wakes me gently, plays me music/radio of my choice tells me the days weather forecast and all that before I even get up. I found I can even control my Sonos speakers downstairs from the Alexa appat £24.99 a real bargain!


  Always thought these are for lazy people! But let’s be honest they’re awesome! Chilling on my bed learning a new language or listening to music! Can’t be bad really I would definitely recommend this to anyone. Thank you Alexa and Amazon.


  I wasn’t sure when I got it whether it needed speakers to go with it but I discovered it didn’t.  Easy to set up after you have downloaded the app from Apple. I’ve only used it to listen to Absolute 60’s radio & ask it to remind me at the appropriate time when I’m cooking. I haven’t had it long so I haven’t used many of it’s capabilities but I liked it so much I got another one for our holiday home.


  I love my Alexa. She carried out my requests immediately, understands what I’m saying without any arguing (bonus!!). I can ask for music, radio, weather updates in addition to lots more. She is making my life easier - I love her !!!!


  Brilliant I wanted to run my 500litre reef/fish tank via voice control and it wasn't just because I could but to make me as a disabled person find the maintenance of the tank that much easier so with 2 4way smart extensions I set off with my son and we got it all connected and working quite easily. Thank you to my echo dot life is now easier. Now what else shall I connect to?


  I like this product very much the only complaint I have is that the Bass Volume is too full on at its lowest setting and the Treble Volume control is not higher, therefore there is a problem with the sound being muffled making it hard to understand what Alexa has said, otherwise no problems.


  I mean, what can I say that hasn’t already been said? Quality speaker for the price. Got to be the best out there. Always answered when called (unlike the husband) - and you find yourself using it more and more every day. I wouldn’t be without mine and it you’re wondering whether to invest - I highly recommend giving it a go. You’ll wonder how you ever lived without one.


  Much better speaker quality than the 1st Gen model I had, listening to music is now a much better experience.Only slight annoyance is the move to a dedicated power supply away from micro USB, as i was using a USB multi-port charger to power the 1st Gen, thus not requiring an additional power socket.


  Basic set up easy although getting it to link to phone wasn’t simple. Some aspects are good but I’m surprised and disappointed that other apps aren’t as easy to add or utilise. It was inexpemsive and I guess it’s probably going to take some time before it’s a member of the family, one numerous retort when I suggested it was my slave Alexa said “now you are going too far” which I thought showed it’s snowflake programming.


  Good quality product, very easy set up have had no problem with voice recognition works every time. Play music through it by Bluetooth or app as we’ll as asking for weather reports and a variety of all other stuff.  Get the Alexa app for more information.


  Advantages are - if you are in Amazon's eco-system of Audible, Prime Music then it saves the battery of your phone. Saves getting your phone out when you want to start/stop something, or connecting your speaker to bluetooth. I also tried the Skype integration and that works great. My fellow caller could hear my loud and clear so the mic in the Echo Dot is sufficient. The sound quality is pretty good. I listen to mainly audio books so it's fine for that. My rooms are pretty small though. For music it's quite a deep, low end sound but works fine. If you want to go louder in volume you haven't got the bass to blast the neighbours out or anything, but for the price it's amazing. If you are concerned about privacy, well.. Amazon pretty much knows everything about me anyway. So if in any doubt just buy it!


  Iove it.It’s my alarm,no more fumbling around for my phone or alarm clock just tell it to stop.It’s my radio when I come home or get ready to go out.It writes my shopping list out and sends it to my phone.It rings my phone so I can find it when it’s lost.Helps me do quick calculations for things.It does many more things but these are the features that I use.


  Great product that the whole family enjoys. Over the christmas period my daughter has enjoyed asking how many days till christmas and she enjoyed hearing from Santa. My partner finds it better to use while hes pottering around than using his phone, especially if hes been washing pots and has wet hands!


  This is my third of this type of gadget I find them very useful . Although this one is abroad on an hour + difference time but linked to my regular app So if I ask it the time it is set on uk time same with alarms etc- can be confusing ...!!  Still very handy though


  Not the loudest speaker but the whole Alexa thing is very handy.I went on to buy two more echo dots for gifts and a larger one for the kitchen.I play spotify through all no problem. I like the clock - it dims as the light fades so not too strong during the night.


  I wanted an Alexa in the kitchen, so I bought one, what is unfortunate my husband and son both have amazon prime accounts but I do not, 2 in one family is enough... the problem is I can’t get all the channels/music I wanted  to listen to on “my Alexa” so will have to reregister my Alexa in my husbands name... I mistakenly thought all the Alexa’s synced with each other sadly not the case...


  Absolutely brilliant,  great for listening to music, great for reminders, weather & answering questions etc. The speaker quality is very good, I doubt you could buy a decent portable radio for the price I paid, also useful for contacting other Alexa device users, as I have MS, so it's not always easy using a conventional phone.


  I can say alexa upstairs and it hears me from the kitchen, its really good, I got my grandparents on for if they have a fall as a safety system for this reason as they can call us etc.Alexa is dumb tbh though, I really hope they get it to the standard of googles smart assistant on my phone, you have to use quite specific phrases and there is too little room for error..


  Ours arrived this morning and we love it !!. My wife has her shopping list sorted (adding things as they spring to mind)...asked it for a recipe and selects her favourite radio stations. I've been doing music and trivia quizzes and just asked it to remind me about the football match on later. Alexa tells me jokes and also gives me updates on my favourite football team......don't just sit there....buy one !!


  Still learning what it does but got smart bulbs attached to it and a few other things, it is very good, i got it for security so if someone is in the house and has an accident they can just call out and ring me through the Alexa, it does loads more than this but i think they were a good buy.


  This is a fantastic device. I managed to get this while it was on a special offer with a month of amazon music unlimited.I was sceptical about Alexa as an assistant. We actually have 5 google home devices and have always been happy with them. However, I have to say I find Alexa responds better and the added skills are fantastic.I’m contemplating replacing the google home devices with more amazon echo devices.


  I have an Alexa dot and I am enjoying it so far. It is an amusing little addition to the room and I especially like the music facility, although it's not quite as straightforward to use as it could be.  You have to make sure Alexa knows where to find your music choices from; if not she will try and get you to sign up to Amazon Music.


  This is the first time when have bought one of these devices, and I ask myself why I have I never had one before. There great! I even bought a second for the bedroom. And at some point I'm going to get the smart plugs to tell Alexa to turn my lamp on.The sound quality is amazing for the size. It does everything i expected and more.


  It just feels so well made! The sound quality is stunning for something this size, listening to classical music on it now, it sounds so rich. The white-topped echo dot is beautiful, buy one.note to Amazon: If you could make an echo that was battery powered and ran off your mobile phone's data for the Alexa service that would be amazing! I would quite happily run a drama workshop off an echo!


  Really stepped by the quality of the speaker on this little thing. I got it to pair with our echo show in our open plan lounge kitchen, and now Spotify sounds like we have a fancy high end stereo coming all over the room. Very pleased. For the price (we got it on offer) is amazing.


  I bough this for Christmas for my 10 yr old daughter. She absolutely loves it. Alexa is always spoken too and is very responsive. Although at times, when you are playing loud music through the device, she becomes deaf and unresponsive which can be frustrating as you yell at her to stop. The skills for the device are great depending on which ones you enable. Overall a great device


  Being of the er, slightly older generation, I found this very entertaining and useful. Once the young uns' had connected it for me it surprised me with how much you can do with it, can even, after pairing it with Hive Heating, control and check the room temp amongst loads of other things. Well impressed.


  I bought this to my husband who is in UK now where I am in Sri Lanka. Due to the lock down, I feel It would be great to gift him an Alexa. He is really enjoying Alexa. We used to play music before sleep and Alexa recognizes the no movement once we fell asleep, and it automatically get off. which is really nice.The only problem is certain songs are not in Amazon musics. example - Indian songs. So in that case, we have to compromise some fun. Apart from that, very small and cute. Worth for money. specially during this time of isolation. Loving it . THUMBS UP!!!


  Good improvement on the original Echo.  Great sound, easy to set up and very mobile between different rooms.  My issue is that Alexa doesn't always understand song requests. Good as additional time in the kitchen. Appreciate the microphone off function.Savvy smart speaker.


  This small device has opened up a new world for me...A  widower of three and a half years since my..... dear wife passed away ...........I will never be alone again... my Echo Dot is my new companion..memories happy times in the past are all there on request and I look forward to the future as the technology improves and takes me along with it....


  Amazed and frightened by the ability of the mini monster. Questions like does it hear everything, does it record and keep everything. Where is all this stored an who has access to it. Could any of this information be used as evidence in a court of law and if so who decides on who can have access.Otherwise its abilities are beyond the belief. Good for home work questions


  Always wanted one but I wasn't going to be paying £50 odd pounds for this.. however, I purchased this just before the prime days sales for £25! (Then noticed jt dropped even more on prime day sales lol) Definitly worth £25 for the smart product. It can help you do so many things it's amazing, esspecially when you have a smart home. (The list can go on..)


  Alexa is very helpful. The 2 Echo dots were very quickly delivered and easy to set up.I did have a problem setting up the echo dot in the bedroom as it told me it couldn’t find any devices to connect with so I put it next to the hub downstairs and it worked. I am finding now when I turn off the morning alarm the main echo dot in the Living room wishes me good morning but I’m upstairs in bed. Maybe I’ve done something wrong in set up but that aside I love it.


  Bought this with the amazon music unlimited promo. Not sure how well it will work for music if you don’t keep unlimited. The kids find the games fun (yes/no game, 20 questions, meow, etc). It does take some tinkering with the app to take full advantage of the various options but I can see how one could easily become dependent on having one.


  Well it's easy to say what I don't like because basically it's not even online it's all great great great I now have a family of these in every room I want I want to play everything around the house it's so simple and easy to set up want to announce everybody gets told as I've just upgraded my mobile phone with 60 gigabytes of data I'm now going to put one. In my car


  I love my Echo Dot. I was given it as a birthday present, and I love it so much I have since bought 3 more to give as presents. It's neat, small and unobtrusive, but the size belies the excellent sound quality. I'm still learning how to use a lot of the features, but I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it.


  I’m still learning about this device but enjoy listening to music, chatting to friends and asking Alexa facts. Useful to set timer when cooking as well. If phone contacts or synced Alexa can be very useful for visually impaired and disabled people. If ill or have a fall Alexa can be asked to call a doctor or friend .


  I had a problem setting it up as I do not have s smart phone or tablet. Only a lap top ! In the end I had to ask my neighbour to help (who has a smart phone ) Very impressed with it. Weather and traffic plus local news. I am a leaner so I like the emails you send me giving me info. on what it can do. Very pleased. My son bought it for a fathers day present.


  My wife loves it and is using it as a media player instead of a DAB radio. Very responsive to our voices accurately understands them and very helpful. Sound quality for such a small device is outstanding. I would buy another one.


  I bought the dot after seeing a friend use it and I use it mainly for the music - but it did come in useful when Andre Previn died and I wanted to know how often he had been married - Alexa came back with all five marriages, in order and with dates - brilliant.  When I first set it up I spent many hours finding out if the music I wanted to hear was available on Amazon Music - as I am an older user then my music, The Beatles, ELO, The Eagles, Abba etc is mainly available. Useful to find out what the weather is like and bus timetables etc - really pleased with it.


  I absolutely love these dots I've brought this as a Christmas present for my eldest son to wake him up in the morning love the fact that you can get a Christmas channel and messages from from father Christmas and it gives you notifications on parcels being delivered from Amazon but dosen't reveal what it is fantastic little gadget we also play quizzes and games


  I tell ya, this Alexa have heard some nasty stuff and pounding in the bedroom, but never complains.Girlfriend at times says she's too loud and lowers the volume and it works... so i'd say things are great with this product.


  My original Echo and Dot are 1st Generation, and I had been very pleased with them both for years.  Then I heard the sound quality of my son's 3rd Gen Dot and couldn't believe the difference. I bought one straight away and haven't been disappointed. The speaker is incredible for such a small unit. (My old Dot has been consigned to the spare bedroom!) Highly recommended.


  Brilliant product, makes my shopping list, converted dollars to pounds plays music and will soon turn on my lamps, TV etc modern advantages a unlimited list of questions and answers all at the tone of my voice, I admit I was a total luddite when it came to tech but this was so easy to set up, I think it's awesome!!!


  Absolutely love it! This is one for upstairs in the bedroom as we already have one downstairs.Really easy to set up, great to just put radio on in a morning, check weather etc.Love being able to listen to my audio books and soothing/restful music at bedtime. Highly recommended


  I bought two of these for my two children and they love them. Alex is helpful for setting alarms to get them up for school in the mornings, tell the time to them and play quiz games amongst lots of other helpful features. Alexa provides good sound quality and the music option is great. My kids say their favourite songs and Alexa plays them.I love being able to use the radio it and get ideas for cooking family meals.My son likes the option to get help with his homework, spellings and maths.Great product.


  This dot is brilliant for everything it helps my son with school work too ,but the one thing that is really annoying is the fact u have to pay even more to use another dot in a different room when u r already paying for one !i think if u have an account and u are paying for one already u shouldn’t have to pay for another one to be use ,it should be like Netflix u pay for an account and u can use it on 4/5 different thing without paying more


  I was going to return the dot because i wasn't sure what i would use it for but now i don't know what i would do without it i have found features i didn't know about and is so convenient for calling and answering when in the kitchen spotify well worth the £35 i have ordered a stand so its upright and might even order another one for another room


  If you're thinking of this as a gift or personal present, then go ahead.  Liked it soo much we bought a second one.  Wifey was quite reluctant to entertain but loves it now.  Plays music, reads news, purchased on sale each time, highly recommended.


  Fun, easy to use.  Good speaker for size.Use it for Spotify, amazon music and audible mainly.Fun facts when you play with her.My son had previous generation in his room, I bought one for the kitchen and liked it so much I bought one for the lounge.... just have to link them :-)


  Have only just got the hang of it ,but it’s really good, still learning things but I’m glad I got it especially as I forget things and it just reminds you , I get news headlines, football scores tv reminders so I don’t miss programmes I especially like listening to my books as I do the house work,


  Brilliant, always wanted an Alexa and finally the opportunity to buy one came around. Safe to say I’m very happy with her, she recognises voices although sometimes things go misheard and she doesn’t respond or plays the wrong thing.Only downside her alarms I feel aren’t loud enough to be woken in a morning, usually sleep through them all.Brilliant sound qualitySmall and ideal for the bedroom or other rooms where required.


  These are brilliant pieces of equipment and are very easy to setup - there's also lots of help online for different tricks and surprises.My only criticism is that you can't play audio out of the built-in speaker (or line out) and a Bluetooth speaker at the same time (due to limitations of Bluetooth I believe), so it would be nice if a standardised Bluetooth connection could be setup as a dual speaker too.


  Each black Friday sale I have added "Alexa" to another room in my house. This third generation dot has a better tone when on the internal speaker but they're all better when run through a hi-fi system or good quality Bluetooth speaker. Now I will need to think if another bargain next November!


  Nice little bit of kit sound better than a lot of review say please with itOnly problem I had is my brummie accent but even that's improvedOnly had for 9 days


  Louder than the previous versions without sound degradation.  Reproduces base sounds better as well.  Voice recognition quite often gets things wrong but that may be down to the algorithm on the servers not the device, also is you have several Echo's in close vicinity rooms, the wrong one may respond.  All in all a great speaker on its own with the added benefit's of Alexa.


  Amazingly good sound for the size and price. Amazon keeps staying ahead off the game with each new generation of these things and this latest one is another leap forward. OK, it can't truly replace your hifi but it's convenience is undeniable and Alexa is an added bonus.


  Loved the product and I do like the colour,it’s something different from the usual black and white. It did take me awhile to get it set up and working and I did have to google to get advice on the setup but achieved it,then after maybe about an hour.


  I brought the dot as an addition to my echo, the generation 3 is superb compared to my original. The dot was also on a deal so was £20 cheaper than where I had previously looked, so a real bargain and perfect for the bedside. I also purchased separately a stand as it just adds go the dot. Definitely a great purchase and recommended I also use for controlling items around my flat with the linked smart plugs.


  I treated myself to amazon echo dot and i love it,very easy to set up,tells you weather,jokes,news and even a story,plus we paying 3.99 a month for amazon music unlimited,plus there is free music aswell if you dont want to pay 3.99 a month,i love it plus got it in the black friday sale for 22.00


  Bought this because I cannot cope with a ticking clock or light during the night.  This is perfect for me. I use it instead of a radio as when the phone rings I can ask Alexa to turn the sound down on the radio. It is done instantly. She tells me the news and weather. Brilliant small gadget.


  As a family we love the dot, it was so simple to set up and easy to use, just talk to it and away you go. The sounds quality really surprised me I did not expect it to be as clear and loud as it is. We bought when it was on offer so even better for us. This is our second dot for upstairs.


  I bought the echo dot to use in my caravan. It does not connect to the Wi-fi as it doesn’t load the password page. Checked with amazon and it is not compatible with this function, yet the amazon firestick does. Disappointed in this and no indication of a fix for the problem.


  Great, beats talking to myself, now I look normal. We have two and they both answer to alexa as I can't be bothered to change it, thus there have been some funny moments. Love turning up the volume on our daughters one when she is listening to music, she still hasn't figured it out and thinks it's faulty or haunted 


  It's perfect! I dropped so many hints last Christmas for one of these but they fell on deaf ears! During lockdown I decided to treat myself .... I absolutely love having such a range of music whenever I want. Checking the weather forecast, asking any questions and tracking my Amazon deliveries are all added bonuses ..... I also bought a rechargeable battery base so I can carry it from room to room and garden without the power lead. I'm still picking up on other features and so far I just love it!


  I’ve only had my Alexa for a few weeks and already I can’t imagine my life without it . It negates the necessity of having a radio , CD player and loads of cds stored thus freeing up much needed room and reducing clutter . It entertains my grandchildren though may have to change her name as my 30 month old keeps asking her to play “baby shark”


  We use Alexa for shopping lists and radio. I bought a second one recently but was slightly aggrieved to notice that the day after I received it that it had been reduced by £20.As a loyal customer of Amazon for many years I was very disappointed.


  Having the Echo dot is surprisingly helpful. Annoying your neighbours has never been so easy.All jokes aside, I did think my echo dot was broken the first few days I had it as it wouldn’t do anything I wanted to do. It was just going crazy.Might just be my accent, but it doesn’t recognise everything you try to ask it, but if you use the voice feature on google translate you’ll get there in the end.So if you’re echo dot isn’t working try switching off the mic and maybe try asking it to do something very few hours if it still isn’t working. Mine started working about a week after I got it. If that still doesn’t work, take it back to wherever you got it.


  What a useful little gadget, and so unobtrusive! It has made itself indispensable for reminders, shopping lists and so much more, and I have only had it a short while. I am looking forward to finding out what else it can do. Easy to set up and use.  Looks great.  Highly recommended


  Bought a full size one a couple of years ago, so impressed with it, but not easy to move to another room without it taking 10 mins to reboot, so I bought this echo dot, absolutely love it for sound. My only complaint (and its picky) is that you cannot like it’s big brother alter the volume by twisting the top, small volume buttons on top which u push. Not great when listening in reduced lighting


  This, for me, is perfect for the bedroom. Small, does what it says on the tin and produces a good sound. Critics will say negative remarks about the sound but let's face it, it's not meant to produce banging first-class sound. Even so, it does kick out some noise. For me I recommend it.


  Does everything possible except make a cup of tea,but will give instructions on how to make it,i use it for setting reminders,doing the endless quizzes,playing music etc...I recommend this for everyone,i can control the tv and Xbox one with it....Also got the bulbs to have it work the lights wether im home or away...All in all a great piece of tech.


  This was orded for my mum. As we tuck my sons round why we were doing up her livingroom. We showed her what it did ect and she loved it so we got her one. Once set up is easy to use and sounds really good to. This was the 3rd one what have got now as both my sons have one in there rooms and now my mum feels all upto date with the kids having one herself :-). You can even ask it to play games some times can be a bit hit and miss but really really good.


  I bought the family echo dots 2nd gen last Christmas. I was impressed what the dot could do compared to my 1st gen echo. I got the echo dot 3rd gen for my birthday, and wondered how much it had improved. The most obvious is the sound quality. It's as good or if not better than my 1st gen echo. Then design. Much much better. No longer looking cheap like an ice hockey Puck, it looks more sophisticated and aestheticly pleasing thanks to a slight increase in size and a fabric finish. It's a great addition to the kitchen while I'm cooking or feeding the dogs.


  I bought this on a whim when it was on offer and I’m so pleased I did. Most useful thing is putting items onto a shopping list when I realise I need them rather than writing a list later and forgetting things. Great for music, traffic, weather and information. I know it can do so much more but I’m still learning. I’m a ‘senior’ so give me time, lol


  My son bought and set this up for me. I only use it to play music which is great. I do find Alexas voice a little blurry but it could be me as I have some hearing problems. I believe it’s capable of a lot of different things I believe but so far I’ve not tried them. Pleased with it.


  Ordered this primarily to control heating and smart lighting, which it does brilliantly. Quick, easy set up, and great sound quality when playing radio. Now exploring what else Alexa can do. May order another one for upstairs to give full coverage throughout the house.UPDATE: Now added an Echo Dot with clock display, to replace a rather ancient clock radio alarm. Does everything the first Dot does, with the addition of the clock display, and brings voice control of our smart lighting and heating to the upstairs of the house. Quality piece of kit and dead easy to set up, with excellent sound quality. Rapid delivery too at this busiest time of year. You won’t regret buying this!


  Very entertaining device.  Especially when someone says "Sorry" to it for getting something wrong!Particularly useful to be able to update the shopping list with just a shout from the kitchen.  No need to clean hands and find pencil and notepad.  Shopping list recorded in App on smart phone can be referred to in shops.Like being able to listen to radio station we want without having to twiddle knobs on radio.  "Play Radio Solent"  and its there immediately!Well designed gadget.


  This is the first time I have had any experience of Alexa and she’s great. Thought that I would chose the echo dot 3 because it is really relatively cheap and didn’t know what to expect the sound quality is good and find it useful to ask things to like what’s the weather going to be like. With more complex questions it sometimes takes a couple of time before she understands what I am talking about but overall I am really enjoying it. There are some games on there that are enjoyable to play with my family and friends to. I am sure as the technology grows things can only get better. Would definitely recommend it!


  For the size of it, sound quality is very good. But can't have volume to high or it will distort. It can not answer simple questions that if you search on the internet you would easily find. That is quite frustrating. Good for music, radio and games


  Overall, I think it is smashing for music purposes, having not known what to expect in advance.  (However, due to this factor and my naïveté I was enticed into a totally unnecessary in app purchase as I was led to believe then it was necessary to pay to communicate with Alexa, so I bit the bullet and paid £48+ for a lifetime subscription.  My professional computer software expert tells me it was meant for those without speech.  I feel entitled to and would like a refund despite a warning that this would not be allowed).


  love it, I bought it on a promotion with the music as well and I love it, sometimes though she will play something I didn't ask for or tell me something different to what I asked and her voice is American oddly but otherwise its great to listen to radio and old 80s songs on whilst grooving away.


  I use the product to access radio stations, as my numerous radios fail, whether digital or dab.  I then started using it to listen to the music of Ella Fitzgerald.  Amazon Music does not know the difference between Ella Fitzgerald and The Ink Spots.  The shuffle is very unsatisfactory as they seem to play the same music over a loop.  I then asked for music from the 60s, which I well remember, but all I got was screaming loud, unmelodic and inharmonious sounds that I did not recognise from that time.  Not as good as I would have anticipated.


  great little speaker for the bedroom also has all the benefits of alexa thrown in,i use it for playing my music setting alarms and checking the weather but you can do so much more if you want.i also have a echo + in my lounge and a show in the kitchen so i an a big fan of these products.Steve and Sandra.


  Boy do I get annoyed with this device. She’s hard of hearing for sure. My neighbours often have to endure me shouting swear words at her because she doesn’t recognise her own name. The whispering mode is creepy too! Pretty though.


  We absolulety love our Alexa. My partner mainly uses it for the timer. Haha. But the speaker sound quality is amazing. Great for music. Always leaning something new everyday from integration and did you knows via email. I would highly recommend this product. Incredibe value for money


  Bought this for our daughter and thought it would be just a bit of fun (she’s at Uni) but I was surprised how useful she finds it, the quality of the sound is remarkable considering how small the speaker is, sure she has fun with it, but also finds it very useful too, great value!


  It may be a little much having a device like this but the concept is good (not needing to flick any switches or anything like that) also with the fact you can connect Bluetooth devices to it is great... mine is connected to my PC meaning i don’t need any speakers attached by cable to it


  We already have an Echo in the kitchen but wanted something for another room as sometimes my wife and I listen to different things. The unit, as always, was delivered on time, connected up and running perfectly in literally 2 minutes.Very happy with this product and highly recommend it.


  The only reason I have put no stars for voice recognition is because I haven't set it up yet. But the the Alexa echo dot is great.  I find it really usefull. Really glad I have this can find out no end of information without having to go on my touch pad. Can set alarm to get up or leave at the right time for appointments. Reminders so you don't miss doing things. Great.


  Got this on a deal for £0.99 when you signed up to a months music unlimited which was £7.99 so technically it cost me £8.98 but still. A Bluetooth speaker for less than a tenner. Winner in my eyes. Paired up with our other Alexa nicely.


  I have many Alexas and each one is an improvement on the last.This version has a much better tone and voice recognition.I bought a stand that lifts it off a flat surface which, again has improved the sound quality.


  Love it. Mainly use to play the radio. So easy using voice recognition to switch between stations and really reactive to commands of pause, continue, volume up/down. Alexa even recognises and plays my own playlists on Spotify. Also impressed with amount of info Alexa can provide like FA cup fixtures for the week, football scores and weather to name just a few things I've used it for. A must buy


  Great price at £29.99First step into the world of a smart home and device. Having great fun and wondered why I had waited this long.Given its size sound quality is excellent and build quantity is great too and feels substantial. I love the fabric look too. Well recommend


  Bought for my 10year old daughter at Xmas. She loves listening to music on it as she does her crafting and gaming.set up was very simle.we have it connected to Spotify as we had 6months free to use. Love it so much i bought myself 1. Delivery was super quick and im glad i never paid for quick delivery as it came anyways in that time frame.


  Bought this as a Christmas gift for my mother in law. Was a little nervous she might not like it or take to it well. Boy was I wrong she absolutely loves it, and says it’s like having a little friend! She loves to play Irish music and has even downloaded the app. She uses this everyday and I’m chuffed to bits she really does love it


  A very neat device, easy to set up and intuitive. Voice recognition is very good and I'm a northerner with a good accent. Good quality and easy to link to a bigger sound system to improve the sound although it does OK sound wise without that. I would recommend these while they are currently half price.


  For such a small item, it sounds amazing. I'd not play it loud for long periods but at a moderate volume for background music it's perfect.I find myself thanking Alexa Hough, a habit I need to continue for when she takes over the world.. be nice to Alexa, or you'll end up in the mines..


  Bought this for my husband for Christmas but when he was negative about TV adverts, I decided to give it him early so he could at least enjoy Christmas songs on the run up to Christmas. It is so easy to use and he really enjoys instructing Alexa to play his favourite songs using Amazon Music


  Well I purchased the first echo dot and within a week and a half I purchased another one , I am somewhat impressed with the way it works but I can see myself upgrading to the bigger speaker very soon I would highly recommend this product. It does tend to make you a bit lazy, I now use my voice to turn on the tv......play radio stations....set reminder and and and....so much this little device can do.


  This is my second, with the passage of time Alexa gets better, more choice of colours and finishes, they are connected and used as an intercom, easy to do and the new one connects to all the other appliances the first one did.


  Thus is such a handy device! Thought we would only use it for switching on lamps but we play music, do shopping lists, ask for weather reports, recipes, set timers when cooking-so much more useful than we anticipated! Am very tempted to get one for upstairs now too so we are fully connected wherever we are in the house! Sound quality is great too!


  Was very dubious about this but I love it. Main use is music and alarm. You just have to figure out how to ask for music. It's not as easy as you think when there's no screen to guide you. But after a while you do start to think of things. Now I may be in the street and wasn't to ask Alexa something... And she's not there!!! A bit addictive! Great sound but I may get a bigger one which can go louder.


  I got this dot for christmas as a present and I'm more than satisfied about it. At first I was a bit hesitant about the sound due to it not having the speaker like the original echo but it can get very loud and if you wanted it to be even louder you can just add speakers via blue tooth.


  Expected functionality pleases, but the sound quality over the previous generation is a huge step up. Ideal for a bedside table (which is where ours is!), music while waking up in the morning is now quite enjoyable. It's slightly larger but pleasantly curved, and I rather like the fabric finish. It looks at home on the table rather than sticking out as a harsh piece of plastic.


  What’s not to like. Great value although you must have a Prime Amazon Account to get music. I just subscribe to the basic £79/yearly account which is great value. For a few £ more if you really like your music and want access to more you can upgrade to Amazon music unlimited.I have two. Easy to set up on my phone.


  Great gadget with great sound. Replaced my oldBose docking station and this does everything and more. I should have got one sooner. So convenient for checking weather, facts and anything that comes to mind. Plays any music i want. Kids love it as they can request songs with asking me every 5 minutes.


  This is the best thing I have bought this year. The sound quality is great for such a small speaker. Easy to set up. I bought mainly to play music in the kitchen. I haven’t had any issues with voice recognition. It’s a perfect size to pop into a counter or table without taking up too much space. A brilliant piece of technology at a reasonable price. Thanks Amazon


  I am enjoying getting used to using my Alexa. I mainly use it as a radio and to find out what the weather is going to be. I know there are hundreds of other uses but I will gradually get to know more. Excellent sound quality.


  This is our second dot as we loved our first one which we bought after our original Alexa Echo. The 3rd generation dot sets itself up once you plug it in which was a real bonus for those of is who are not that tech savvy. Asking Alexa just got easier in our house.


  I have four of these in different rooms , I play music and also the radio and ask Alexa things always say good morning and she tells you something that happened years ago and always goodnight as I live on my own. It’s great .


  Bought this to replace radio in kitchen and bought another for lounge too. It’s fab sounds brilliant does everything it claims to do. Buy one of these and you’ll not be disappointed. We even turn lights on and off now with Alexa.


  Our 5th Echo and the best yet ! Better sound quality and a nice colour scheme to blend into the roomWith the clock function this has replaced our 30+ year old clock radio and takes up much  less space And with many more functions To “call “uponNice to wake up and ask to hear news headlines


  The dot works just as well as my full echo, I don't notice a difference between the two at all. Both Alexas struggle to hear me unless I am louder than them. So if you want to turn the volume down, you need to  raise your voice. I understand the logistics of this though and its not specific to the dot.


  This is great. It has made my radio redundant as I just askAlexa to get the programme I want. Sometimes it has a blip and doesn't respond to my requests but it recovers. I love it. It does a lot more but I'm still practicing.


  Absolutely love my new echo dot it’s so easy to set up I did it in minutes the sound is really good and I just ask Alexa if I want it turned down or off no more lost remote controls now I just say Alexa and it does what I want


  Picked this up for only £22 black Friday as basically needed an alarm for work...so at this price ended up buying this and it works perfectly for that and wake upto heart 80's plus does a lot of other things but for my alarm and playing some music, setting timers etc at £22 this is a no brainer.


  For the price is good choice:- good sound quality for the size o speaker- a lot of featuresCons:- cannot add my online radio - it has to be already added into tunein service - hope development will upgrade the featuresOverall good product.


  This is my first Alexa item , I bought it purely for music in the living room and it did not disappoint , sound is fantastic for a tiny speaker , seriously easy to set up took seconds .Love it so much I bought another one for the bedroom .Highly recommend


  Just an amazing piece of technology! Controls my hot water and heating which is linked to Hive. I use Alexa mainly for Spotify and the sound can be adjusted such as treble mid-range and bass. Echo Dot 3 blends into my home and is so unobtrusive. The sound for such a small item is just amazing! I would be lost without it.


  Great product far superior to Google home no needless chatter or if any it is short and not prolonged.Listens great and connects to my Spotify perfect plays songs on command tells me deliveries and timers really handy!Would recommend this product over Google home as Google home you will find frustrating at times although has a slightly better speaker.Not sure if it's a product fault but it seems a little muffled at times playing music.


  What a great bit of modern day technology. I'm just amazed by how quick the answers come back. Also, the questions that you present to Alexa can be just so varied that the sky's the limit. I have Alexa tied into my Sonos sound system and Amazon Unlimited. My requests through Alexa are instant to any speaker in my house...Magic!


  Love these dots, the audio sounds better than second generation and the shape is sexier, more hip and stylish now too.  Alexa keeps improving and it's perfect for a side room, bedroom or office area.  If you want more sound and music with bass get the Echo maybe, but this works great and is an excellent gift for family so you can talk and message and call each other super easily.


  Absolute brilliant, my favourite features is the "call my phone" since I lose it constantly and being able to add things to my shopping list and having that list on my phone. Sound quality and volume is brilliant too. I want one for every room.


  Love my Alexa. Got it for 99p too which was a massive promotion at the time! Excellent value and very pleased. Was delivered the following day. Quite loud compared to the older version of Alexa! Sound and quality are perfect.


  I always said I would not buy an echo as I had no need of one. However, when buying something from another supplier, they offered one for fee, now I would not be without it. Apart from the fact it plays music and tells me what the news is, I love the shopping g list. If I had to pick holes, it would be it should be offered in different colours, however, I see a heather colour is being released next month


  Small and neat, fits perfectly on the shelf. Has a good sound even when turned up loud. Wish I had studied more beforehand as didn't realise that to get specific music you have to subscribe to Amazon Music. For now just ask to play random hits which not always the best.Good value for money though as half price sale.


  Love that I can communicate with my kitchen, brilliant that a pot of tea is ready when I come down in the morning!!! Connected echo dot with echo, very useful features, husband also comes in handy.


  We mainly use the Echo Dot for listening to music, but have Hive Heating and lights which can be controlled by Alexa.There are still the odd occasions when the voice control doesn’t work as expected, but I think that’s down to getting so used to talking to it, you think it can do anything.  Still finding out about the the different skills, which my daughter and her friends seem to have a special way of launching on us (e.g ask Alexa to sing a song about dogs).Overall we are enjoying it and will continue to explore the skills.


  Wasn't sure if I really wanted Alexa, but this is fun to use, and great just for music, especially now it's linked to Amazon music.  Saves time and really easy to use.  I like the shopping list and to do list features.  Haven't used it for much other than that, but I love it.  Just for music alone it would be worthwhile.


  I am still learning to use it.So far I was unable to make Alexa Echo Dot discover and connect with all my wifi home devices.Maybe I am doing the wrong things...I will have to search on internet to learn how to use it well.I bought it very cheap.I like it too.


  Best Christmas present we’ve had in a long time  We dug deep into our musical past and spent many evenings shouting ‘Alexa play ****? We’ve been listening to music we haven’t heard since our youth and some pretty obscure hits. We’ve played quizzes, been fact finding and tracked deliveries from Amazon. There’s still so much she can do but we’re learning slowly. I never wanted one as I believed they listen in but I just unplug her when not in use. The sound quality is amazing and has great volume and depth of sound for parties for such a small device and it’s given me more room as I’ve removed my large DAB radio from the room. I would highly recommend the Amazon echo dot to all.


  I love this thing! I bought one for my elderly mother, essentially so it could  read her books to her. But once it was set up I went and got one for myself! I've set hers up to turn on lights, 'drop in' on my echo, reminders for appointments such medication, TV programs, to make sure she drinks enough water and applies moisturiser! shopping lists, I could go on. Not only is this thing lots of fun, it's peace of mind, if she falls all she has to do is shout... Bloody brilliant!


  This Echo Dot is for my kitchen, I have the big Alexa in the lounge but when I am listening to tunes I can't hear it in the kitchen so have got the small one to complement the big one. I live them both, can ask her anything and can play all my favourite music. Little dot has not quite got the tone quality of the big one but does me just fine. Would recommend


  Alexa is fantastic. I'm really enjoying my echo dot. I've integrated mine with fire tv stick, lights and my Amazon apps and it works beautifully. There's so much more you can ask of Alexa and it's fun to play around with. If you're thinking of getting an echo dot, I highly recommend.


  The equipment is not just an extension of Alexa, it is a separate unit and you have to pay an additional monthly payment for it to play. We thought it was like an additional speaker for Alexa, we would not have purchased it if we had known.


  husband bought this for me as a suprise, its  a lovely thing to have, music all day while busy in the kitchen.grandsons have had fun asking questions, handy to ask when any amazon orders will be delivered.would recommend


  I have an Echo and a couple of Bose speakers with better sound quality but this is great for the price and the size. So handy. It will be ideal for taking on holiday.  All the Alexa function too. I haven't  tried pairing it up with my Echo yet but must give that a go. Definitely recommended.


  I know that we give them our data for free but in exchange we get a good deal of control around the home and plenty of features that can enhance our lives. Frustrating at times but the overall experience, service and flexibility are continually improving as does the hardware. Recommended!


  This tiny little speaker is excellent, and looks greatMy family love it - its been much handier than I expectedSound quality is fantastic for its sizeVoice recognition is largely spot on - even my 4 year old has a chat with Alexa and gets some music played (he often asks for nursery rhymes for his little sister)I never knew I needed this until I went and bought it :)


  A lovely little device. I bought this for my bedroom, specifically to play soft music or sleep sounds to help me get to sleep, but I have tried some of the different functions that the booklet says you can use it for. Well pleased with the buy and I am thinking of buying the bigger echo for the living room


  I love this. I have so much enjoyment through the music, knowledge and all sorts of other information "Alexa" shares. Say good morning to her and she shares a relevant piece of information every day, whether it's someone's birthday, an invention or something else. This is awesome!


  I love alexa! I've always felt like I was missing something in my life and now this huge hole has been filled by an intelligent, beautiful lady. If your considering getting an echo dot then just go for it you will never look back.


  I love this so much that I bought another.I use this to listen to music and as an alarm. So handy and easy. The sound quality is good too.I must check out other uses but for now that’s how I use it.4.5 times out of 5 Alexa knows what I’m saying but as I’ve said I really only use it for music at present.


  Use it all the time amazing product so good I bought a second one and both work amazing. The only problem I did have with them is when u are setting them up it takes abit of wanting around and also on the second one it wouldn't connect to my hot-spot which is the only source of Internet I have atm but the 1 is doing perfectly at the moment.


  Love this little Echo Dot. So impressed with the sound quality for its size. Having trouble linking it to our Bose soundlink and controlling lights on the Ikea Tradfri system. Works sometimes, but not others, although this could be due to problems with our internet connection. It’s great for announcing to family on the top floor of our house that dinner is ready, better than shouting up 2 flights of stairs! We’ve had fun doing quizzes too.We now have 3 Echo Dots and will no doubt get more later. Great value.


  Bought this as a birthday present. We have an echo that we use and love. I was worried that the sound quality wouldn’t be as good because it’s smaller, but the quality was excellent. A well received present from someone who likes gadgets.


  My goodness, what a fantastic piece of kit this is!  I heard someone talking about Alexa and thought it sounded interesting so I bought one.  It really is wonderful. I love it and I think I'm falling in love with Alexa, she has such a lovely voice and will do anything you ask - well almost.


  Absolutely brilliant for 99p. Very impressed with quality of sound and clarity. Would be improved with a louder volume but one cannot grumble for the price. It plays music directly from my amazon playlists and also from their station. Amazing gadget that is so simple to set up. Plug in , connect to WiFi and you’re good to go. It’s very inconspicuous and practical. Would highly recommend.


  Bought this dot for the kitchen. I heard the 3rd generation was ment to have better sound than the 2nd generation. The sound on this little speaker was alot better than i was expecting. It actually has abit of base which i weren't expecting. Very happy with the purchase. Loud enough to fill a kitchen with sound. Plus you can adjust the sound eg base,mid,treble through Alexa app so you can make the sound to your liking which is great.Overall im very happy and would recommend this item to anyone who looking for a speaker for a small room.


  A wonderful alternative to a radio, alarm clock, encyclopaedia, source of information, and so many other things. With the Amazon music app (at an additional cost) it's an incredibly large music library, with your choice of music available instantly. The sound is good and clear, but it's too small a device to have a big fat sound.


  Love these as bought two. Alexa is a bit slow in understanding some things UK and USA have different meanings for the same or similar words, some times she just chooses not to hear. Some tech support should have fixed that. Alexa should be more fluid in continued conversation.I am satisfied as is very useful and helpful.


  I bought this for my mother who is 91 years old and she loves it. I set it up on my account as she has no mobile phone or tablet. I used the £3.99 a month Amazon music which has all the songs she could ever want and she needs no tech knowledge to operate it. Perfect for less mobile people.


  I like that it is small and neat.  It works well, I bought it so that I could play music rather than switching on TV and it does that very well.  Having Amazon Prime is an advantage otherwise I would have had to subscribe to Amazon music.  I would have preferred it to be cordless so that I could take it upstairs but I bought a portable battery base for it and that makes it more mobile.  I haven't used it to its full capabilities yet but happy so far.


  Have been using a certain search engine version for awhile now although my daughter has an earlier echo.  Got mine free as part of another service.  Compared to the big G speaker, the echo is so much better.  It's easy to integrate with fire stick, Bluetooth speakers etc.  But to me, not part of the young generation, Its easier to speak to something that you can say 'computer' (4 different options) to activate it.  More natural to me.


  Hi, I already have an Alexa downstairs in the lounge, I bought the Dot for my bedroom.  Loving it being so compact and the sound is amazing.  No problem with sound recognition despite being Scottish!  Got it in the sale for almost half price so delighted with this purchase.


  I couldn't resist getting one for my daughter at that price. It is such an amazing product. The sound is great and the feel of the thing is wonderful. You will get used to it if you spend some time familiarising yourself with all it's functions. It's well worth it.Don't forget, this is a great Bluetooth speaker as well as so much more. Don't go spending money on a speaker of similar wattage when you can get a wonderful sounding Echo Dot for much the same price. Enjoy!


  Fantastic product. We now have 3 in our house. One for each bedroom and they are fantastic easy as 1...2...3 to get set up and running. Only reason I have gave it 4 on the sound quality is when you put the volume up hight you get a little bit crackling but that will be the same for most speekers. Will be adding another for my kitchen.


  These devices are amazing. This is my fourth device and second Echo Dot. I have them positioned throughout the house and have linked them into groups. The sound quality is excellent, even on the smaller Dot. I find it incredible that you can ask almost anything and they respond with the correct answer. No wonder kids love them!  Great for helping with homework I would imagine!


  Got this for the bedroom after having the main one downstairs to be honest I expected the speaker to be a bit naff due to size compared to main one but it’s surprising how good it is, it links in with the main one on internet and I have Kasa plugs for lights and kettle etc all over house and can now operate from bedroom or main room. Such as telling Alexa to put kettle on when you get out of bed or vice versa bedroom lights on when you get her to turn living room and snug lights off. Love it


  Love this!!  So easy to  use wanted an English accent instead of an American accent - found the correct menu and it was  so easy to change.  Sound quality great and plays music to a good quality.  very useful on all information including local information on weather, roadworks etc.  use as an alarm and to remind me on things.  FOR THE PRICE ITS EXCELLENT


  Super little Alexa. Nit actually bought for me but for my Dad and Daughter as gifts. They both like it and it’s great for the house. It can give you all sorts of answers, tells you the weather etc. I will definitely buy one for another room.


  Really like this product. Great for timers, information, audio books etc etc - my only problem. I live on the Isle of Man & Alexa doesn’t recognise this as a country of its own and therefore I cant set the location and do a lot of Alexa traits because of it it. I hope it gets sorted soon.


  Was worried how it would compare to the Echo as it’s much smaller ...but was pleasantly surprised with it. Great to add to a smart homeBundle - personally I would t just have this in the house as it is missing the excellent sound which the Echo speaker gives but it’s great as an addition to the range.


  Arrived very fast, well packed, item has a pleasant voice, good sense of humour, will play good quality music, if you have full Amazon music, any song, tune or album you can think of, she can save a lot of time, instead of googling things or looking them up in other ways just ask and she shuts up when you tell her to.


  My sister bought me my first Echo dot in the Black Friday sale.  I'm now partially sighted and she thought it a good idea to help me around my flat.  She was not wrong! I quickly bought another one for my bedroom, and some smart plugs.I can now control my flat easier than before.


  Bought this to go in the bedroom and use as an alarm set to my favourite radio station. Not let me down yet . Also love the fact that I can just ask Alexa to play any song while I’m in the bedroom.It looks good and is a nice design and the sound is very good for such a small device.Easy to set up and now I can also get it to turn the bedroom lights on and off with the compatable device I bought.


  I was given this as a present, and had never really considered I needed one. How ever it is proving a boon for my disabled wife. With a couple of smart plugs she can use the TV and lights. I'm still finding more uses (google calendar, morning alarm etc). Great little device.


  It's cute and novel, not sure beyond that as it's still new. I immediately renamed it to computer and derive hours of amusement from asking COMPUTER! TEA, EARL GREY, HOT! and hearing its response (which is perfect) and other pop culture fun. Less fussed about using it to tell me the weather or add things to my shopping list but its there if I decide to try. The music is a good point, you get ads if you're not on prime so I opened a trial period and so far myself and the kids enjoy the selection though I'm not sure if I'd pay for prime or amazon music after the trial but let's wait and see.Ps. Red dwarf fans ask it if it would like some toast?


  I had the Echo Alexa given to me for Christmas and had a lot of fun with it, so much so I then bought the Dot for my Bedroom and use this for an Alarm and can also use as a telephone if I should be I’ll in the night.Now are able to listen to Audible Books from my Library.


  Not something I was looking to get but when It came up on a deal that was too good to pass up I had to get one and I'm glad I did once you use a smart speaker you realise how easy it makes life and how much you can actually do with it even then little things like the morning radio and news are now super easy,  paired it with a smart plug and now can turn my bedroom lamp off without having to get out of bed something that you think will get old very fast but surprisingly it doesn't smartphones were once only a dream and now everyone has one soon enough there will be a smart speaker in very home and people will wonder how they ever survived before they came along.


  Bought the white one I couldn’t believe it was so cheap love it and I use it all the time. I did buy it thinking that when you set up voice recognition it would mean that it only responds to you but it doesn’t even after multiple attempts at setting it up it will infact listen to everyone who talks to it. Other than that love it!! When I go back from uni to my home I even take it with me because it’s so convenient


  Works well picks up when I say Alexa about 85% of the time sometimes when music is on I have to say it twice. Sounds good and gets loud enough for what I want (ofter have it on volume 4 or 5) . For music I use the free prime music ( the one with ads which is fine for me) Only downside is some accessories e.g. smart lights and plugs can be very expensive. A must buy when on offer for less than £25


  Having so much fun finding things to do with her! Worth the price of Prime to access music! Anything from George Formby to Susan Vega. I have access to hours of Charlie Parker jazz too. Only bought it ‘cos of the cheap price offer, bought wifi plugs and even a stand for her now 


  Really great as a little speaker, and the Alexa function comes in useful as well. As a lazy millennial she's useful for checking the time as I leave or checking the weather early in the morning. The only minor issue is that she sometimes gets a little confused by my accent (I'm northern) and also if I'm cooking then sometimes the voice recognition doesn't pick up my requests. Would definitely recommend to a friend though!


  Alexa is brilliant, putting on Christmas Carols first thing in the morning, Albums I would like to listen to but I know some at least I would never buy physically. I still haven't  quite sussed out how the downloads work on my Computor. However overall I'm very happy with my Alexa.


  Compatible with a lot of smart devices and the list is growing which gives you a lot of flexibility. Occasionally voice is misheard but not the end of the world. Skills are easily added via the phone app and sound quality is pretty good for such a compact device.Overall very happy with the product


  Actually purchased this from amazon for 99p. Brought for my mother as we already have one and she loves it.If you don’t have one, they really are worth the money. Great to use in the home, easy to you but if you do get stuff there is plenty of help available


  Great voice recognition and knowledge base I'd give 8 out of 10 it's great for fun facts and conversions etc. but it's answer base is leaning towards American answers.  This was a replacement as the previous one only lasted a day but it was easy and free to return and get a replacement


  For the size of it, this little smart speaker gives out some very good audio! Perfect for a small bedroom etc. Bigger rooms may need the larger echo devices to fill with fuller bass notes, but this is ideal for our daughters room.


  I previously had a google home but I find the Echo Dot much more responsive. I like the interaction halo, which seems to make me feel more like I’m in conversation than other devices. The sound is surprisingly good, although a little muffled, luckily you can change the EQ to suit your listening taste in the Alexa app. I’m very pleased with my Dot and would recommend any of the Amazon assistants.


  When I first opened this gift my initial thoughts were what do I need this for? But now I've used it for a couple of weeks I wouldn't want to be without it.Sometimes it is like having a conversation ie trying to work out how to phrase what you want - Good exercise for voice box that otherwise wouldn't be used some days


  neat, good looking, great sound quality on playing music, altogether a greatProduct and good value.  I changed the wake up word to ECHO as Alexa is irritating, when anyone says the word on TV or in discussion in the room she wakes up and says she doesn't understan, hilarious but irritating!


  So pleased with this. Great value for money. Has a really good sound and plays multitudes of genres if you have Prime. Will also play your own music. It can do so many other things and can be set to wake you up in the morning. I am going to purchase another for my daughter who is also very impressed with this piece of kit


  Purchased to extend the Alexa coverage in my house, this one is used in the living room as it’s better at picking up my voice when the TV is on. The sound is much better too has a lot more bass, this can be turned down a little in settings on the app. It’s also very loud when the volume is on 4-5 it’s as loud the 2nd gen one on full volume set at ten. I ordered a white one fits the decor of the room a bit better, my previous one was black and was a total dust magnet. Over all it’s an improvement over the previous version. I paid prime day price of just under £25 but I would say it’s worth the £50


  Taking nothing away from the first generation dot, as at the time it was and still is a brilliant little piece of kit. This generation has a better bass and treble by a country mile. I have plenty of Alexa kit and the missus generally has a pop when a new bit of Amazon kit turns up. This was meant for the office but it got promoted to main bedroom with 1st Gen going into office. It does seem to cop a deaf in on occasion compared to Gen 1 but this maybe positioning. Great price as well.


  This was a gift and not something I would have bought for myself but I'm really pleased with it.  I probably won't use it to its full potential but it's great for shopping lists, reminders of appointments and for music.  The only downside is that it doesn't know how to pronounce my name - it's pronounced different to its spelling.


  This is my second echo dot and I bought it for my bedroom. I love these as there is no need for radios, and she can answer most questions I ask. I like that I can just pick the sort of music I want to listen to anytime. There is so much more you can use them for.


  I have found my Echo Spot to be absolutely great the sound quality is really good, it was very easy to set up and I also have it linked with my other devices so can use it to turn my lights on and off and also my plugs which are compatible with the Echo Spot.Great value for money would highly recommend anyone to buy an Echo Spot


  I have wanted an echo dot for a while now. I got it in sale so happy with price but the only thing that annoys me is you have to sign up for amazon music. They always want your money!Luckily I have Spotify but that come with phone contract so that will soon run out.When requesting a song does not always play the specific one you ask for


  This is a great product. I purchased it as a christmas present.(and yes I was one of those people on christmas day that couldn't get it working - I have thought about going over to Google Home). Simple to use and lots of fun to be had. If you don't like what is said or she doesn't do what you want, simply turn her off. (I wish her in doors was as simple as Alexa).


  I bought this for my dad for Christmas and he absolutely loves it, it looks good and the sound isn’t too bad for such a little device.I will admit I was hoping dad would have a little bit of a problem as he’s scottish (Just so I could film him and have a laugh) but NO Alexa it seems has mastered the art of understanding scottish people lol.All in all a great little device


  In our 60s so it took us a while to work out how to set this up, pretty easy once you know how and we absolutely love our Amazon dot, what a great little speaker, also have an Amazon fire which is great too, what an amazing super efficient company you are with amazing staff, thank you.


  This is my third Echo Dot (other two are second gen) and it’s as amazing as ever! Love the colour options available now. I would recommend getting a few Echo Dots to any household! They are just so helpful! I mostly use mine to set timers and alarms, turn lights on and off and to ask about the weather


  I bought 4 Alexa's for each member of my family and they  are now all connected and integrated.  Its great inter-acting with Alexa, although she can get stroppy at times !!!  The best bit is having music all around the house and with the addition of smart plugs, i feel that the family has now moved into the 21st century.


  My friend set it up for me & demonstrated random things you can ask. To be honest, so far, I just enjoy asking it to play Jazz which is great as no adverts & like that you can ask Alexa to lower or raise volume.  I bought it as price was reduced.  In time, I'm sure I'll use it for more tasks.


  It might be small but it really pack a punch. Terrific sound and clarity. I like that you can amend the sound quality to meet your own requirements and preferences via the graphic equaliser in the Alexa app. I bought one for my sister and nephew who are equally as impressed. If you're looking for a speaker to play your music or enrich the sounds from your tv I would not hesitate to recommend you to buy one of these little, fantastic devices.The Alexa side is great too. Helpful, but not intrusive and if you want some privacy just turn the mic off.


  Better than the Echo input device. I had 2 of the I put devices to use with my own speakers. I thought the sound would be better. They worked well for a couple of months but then kept failing to understand.  The dot is louder, clearer and simpler to use. Size ain't everything.


  This was a gift and as i'm not used to this type of device it took a bit to get used to saying Alexa each time. Once that was sorted I found it easy to use and very clear voice. You must download the App, to get full use.


  The product works as expected although the echo show seems to be better at understanding from further away. sounds quality is good and the looks is great. would definitely recommend it, especially for older people who may just want to talk rather than type or interact with a screen.


  Having had a 2nd generation Echo Dot, moving to the 3rd generation is a massive improvement in sound quality and functionality.  So impressed, I have taken our Amazon Prime, which now gives me access to over 2 million albums plus more, which I can access through my Echo Dot and other devices.  One very happy customer!


  Purchased this via Prime sale for just over £20. Wasn't expecting much, but I will admit the Dot has surpassed all expectations for me. I have access to Prime music only and this device is perfect for my kitchen diner, fills it with a good sound and not at full volume either. Would recommend, especially if you can get at the price I paid!


  This was a surprise Xmas gift for me. I absolutely love it! From shopping lists to news and weather reports in the morning, plus  all the music that I love and want to hear! I’m still learning what this great little smart speaker has to offer! Don’t know how I managed without it!


  I have a first gen Dot as well and feel that the sound from this one is “fuller”. Gives you good access to Alexa and I use it mainly for listening to the Amazon Music playlists and to access all of the Autorip versions of the CDs I’ve purchased from Amazon over the years.Couldn’t go wrong at the Black Friday price. Love it!


  I have Alexa in my kitchen. I wanted one for my bedroom so I could listen to music around the house. I always wanted to do reminder when I got upstairs. Glad I purchased.i have it connected to my smart tv too as it’s better sound quality


  Haven't used Alexa before and I was impressed. It is very sensitive. I was discussing with my wife about a particular product we needed. I must have mentioned Alexa at one point, and the next thing, the product was on order from Amazon. Which wasn't what I wanted, but not a problem. The sound quality is adequate for background music and good enough for us.


  Love the Alexa, good price, good quality, worth it as it can do so many things. Very useful around the house even if it isn’t the larger version


  I love it I wasn't sure how much I'd use it but after a when it becomes part of the day getting news and little bits if information in the morning finding out where my stuff is and how long until it's delivered from Amazon also I live with someone with mental health and extreme OCD issues and he loves asking it obscure questions all day.


  The in laws who we bought it for struggled to set it up, so we went and done it... But they are not too tech savvy...Now its set up they seem to really like it. Alexa misunderstands us all sometimes which can be hilarious!!!Good price I would recommend.


  Discreet and less of a 'feature' then the standard Alexa, but with all the same features. Remarkable sound quality for such a small unit, nicely balanced bass. Surprisingly hefty, which makes it a hot to handle when setting up our moving from room to room. Seriously contemplating buying more to place throughout the house. Linked up calendars so can easily check what happening and family can check everyone's commitments and schedules without having to call. Bedside lamps are connectd via smartplugs - even our two year old is trying to call 'Alexa' for her favourite kids songs.


  I received the Echo as a Christmas present from my son and daughter in law. I can honestly say it is an excellent addition to my home. It helps me with numerous tasks. I can set alarms and timers. Ask for a weather report, tests my skills in general knowledge with question of the day. I use the guided sleep meditation to help me get to sleep. I can request any artist/genre of music .There is also the fun side of Alexa. I have a pet rock called Charlie 


  This is my second Echo Dot.  I now have one in the kitchen (really useful for adding items to my shopping list) and one in the lounge.  Just ask for music and you get it.  Tells me when Amazon is delivering my orders. Learning to use it is fun too.  Lots to learn yet.


  This Alexa has a great tone with deep bass good mid tone and treble. After setting up my personal voice recognition it understands all commands. The only disappointment is the radio regularly drops out, thus switching the Alexa off. Troubleshooting indicates poor WiFi. I have no problem with other WiFi connected divides.


  the echo Dot has a good weight to it, setup is very easy, the sound quality is excellent the voice training is very quick. the unit is attractively finished. the Echo Dot usage connection with your amazon account works well, as is the ability to contact other dots in the family.


  Brilliant item, does exactly what I need it to do i.e. audiobooks, sleep sounds, a bit of music, it’s in the bedroom so I don’t use it as much as I would if it were downstairs. The sound is good for the size of the speaker, but not much bass when listening to music, not really a criticism as I only have Sonos to compare to. Overall a great speaker with a great new look over the older dots, and at £25 (Amazon Black Friday price) I wish I’d purchased 2.


  This is the second Echo that we have bought, this one was for the girls bedroom....  It is well worth waiting until Black Friday to get a real bargain on Amazon products and the Echo will never disappoint, great functionality and very powerful for a small unit


  I was given this as a Christmas present and I mainly use it to listen to kisstory and other radio stations,the sound is really good for a speaker of its size and Alexa can hear and follow my commands from a few rooms away,I’m already considering buying another for downstairs


  Best thing bought in a long time. Bought this and 2 others totalling in 3 spread around the house. The family use them for announcements, radio, music from mobile phone, timers, home work, jokes to name a few. Definitely get some in your house.


  I love giving orders so this machine suits me down to the ground, Music is a joy only thing I sometimes forget to tell it to stop.Bought one for my granddaughter as her children love asking her questions. Pleased with my purchase although I did not get it going, but youngsters have them Tech knowledge Nd they said it was a breeze.


  Awesome, started with this and within a month I now have 2 Echo Spots along with this. So much potential if you are looking to start a Smart home. Useful gadgets to make the most of it: samrt plugs(I stuck with Amazon ones, nice and easy) netvue cameras, Amazon fire tv stick, Harmony ( logitech) , renpho diffusers, petcube bites. The routines section on the app us very useful.


  The weekly emails from amazon giving hints and tips on using the device are great. The more you use it, the easier the commands become. Lots of uses, whether it’s listening to music, announcing “tea’s ready”, adding to your weekly shop or using as a speaker for your own music playlist. The list appears to be endless.


  The Echo Dot sits at my bedside, it replaces my bedside radio & up to now works a lot better.  The sound is better than my "Pure DAB Radio"  & the alarm is far easier to set up, you just tell it rather than than playing about buttons and what ever.  The only downside is trying to switch it off, but I guess it does it job waking you up.


  I bought this after hearing one at my friend's. I have it connected to my surround sound amplifier and it sounds very impressive, eliminating the need for CDs and a radio. You can even ask Alexa to pause playing and resume when the phone rings. Very useful when listening to an album. I was fortunate to get mine when it was on half price offer so it was amazing value.


  Only kidding... but it really is a helpful addition to a hectic household, I have two, one upstairs and one downstairs and find the most useful tool is the ANNOUNCE function... my home is no rambling estate, by any stretch of the imagination and yet when I call everyone for dinner, it seems like I'm shouting into the abyss... "ALEXA, announce 'DINNER IS READY, COME AN' GET IT"...what do you know, down they come. So far, so good!


  Great piece of kit. I already have an Echo so bought the Dot for my small kitchen. When I saw how small it is I wondered if it would be loud enough but it is, and the sound quality is very good. I would recommend this.


  Like the size of the echo dot as I run the sound output through a Bose Soundlink Bluetooth Speaker. So it fits perfectly.It does exactly the same as the Echo and so easy to use.I also have two large speakers in the Kitchen and Morning room that are connected direct to the dot via the 3.5mm connection point.I just ask Alexa to “Enable” or “Disable” the Bluetooth speaker to connect to them when it suits.


  Our first Alexa product purchased as an alternative to a new DAB radio - much better value. Does the job well, acceptable audio quality, recognises three voices accurately, also used for shopping lists. Not sure if we will integrate in future, turning lights on and off is not strenuous.


  I took advantage of the offer to get the Echo Dot along with a 1 month subscription to Amazon Music for less than £9. Once the Echo Dot arrived, I cancelled the Amazon Music subscription as I didn't need it. £9 for a device that will fart on demand.Best £9 I've ever spent.PS, it also does useful stuff like alarms waking you up with a radio or music you choose. Reminders. Shopping lists. Etc. Still. Farts.


  It’s a brilliant addition to the one I already have, now I can hear her and my music in all rooms of my flat now. It’s so easy to set up and now I have her remind me to take my tablets and reminds me of all my appointments, I also have set up for her to turn my lights on and off.


  Hi this product was  for upstairs and down as and if I was upstairs ,I could contact my hubby  without having to shout downstairs, also if I was cleaning down or upstairs I could ask Alexa to play some 60's music,  to  singalong  to and get through the cleaning  much quicker, I highly recommend it.


  Fantastic piece of kit from asking for traffic news before you leave for work then for cooking recipes to fun pub quizzes and football too and most of she can turn my tv on lights on kettle on heating on theres now no need for woman she does every for you with moaning winner


  This item has been very good, it was delivered on time and is a great little gadget. The voice recognition is very good every now and then it won't hear what you say but 9/10 times its perfect. Not only does it integrate with your phone well but also has extra hidden games, effects as well as calling friends alexa devices and leaving them messages. Also encumbers a feature of drop in so you can just call home on it to family anytime you want without anyone having to answer. On a whole a 10/10 product.


  I already had the echo but got 2 of these as I wanted one for upstairs and the other for when we sit outdoors to save me unplugging the echo! I love them I can play music to suit my mood. The sound is great. The dot is lightweight and they are easy to set up. Only problem is Alexa doesn’t always understand me which can get very annoying!


  I wanted to make a smart room in my bedroom and needed a hub for basic lights and smart plugs. Alexa has become a part of my everyday. Good morning routines and good night routines are amazing. I am a techy guy and enjoy trying new technologies like smart products.Alexa helps me, using voice, to control the smart products in my room. Love it.


  Amazing sound quality for a small piece of kit. My Son didnt have to train the dot to recognise his voice, but can train it to only respond to your voice in the free app... which I suggest you do if you have other children who like to wind their siblings up! Would definitely recommend this product even when its not on offer. I bought a decal to go on it for my Son, which I've left another review for, but you can style this to your home anywhere as its not intrusive due to is size.


  I love this, tried the audible all through the tv but couldn't work out how to loose the light.  Along came amazon dot, audio book to fall asleep to with a verbal command to sleep or turn the volume down.  Best bit is bedroom is totally dark, we are sleeping better too!


  Quiet simply a great little speaker at a ridiculous price at the moment, and you can have  it over 5 months so for £5 down you have one in a couple of days. I would really recommend this product and the deal.


  We already have the echo at home but wanted some dots around the house. We’ve got a tv with Alexa as well so we put the dots in my sons room and our bedroom. Easy to instal and the colour goes great with our rooms! I like that you can request music to be played to the dot upstairs using the echo downstairs; this will help when my son is unsettled as I can play nursery rhymes for him to soothe too! Fab product


  I have the first generation Echo Dot and used it most days, so I decided to update to a new 3rd generation Echo Dot and l can't praise it enoug. The sound quality is amazing and you can customise the sound to suit your requirements, it's a lot more responsive than the first and I can honestly say I'd be lost without it. I'm that impressed that I'm considering buying a couple more for other rooms


  I had never really understood why I needed an Alexa. After being tempted by your Special Offer I succumbed and bought one.  I now wonder why I waited so long. It is fantastic. Every home should have one.  Easy to set up.  I love the volume control.I would highly recommend.


  We already have an Echo in the kitchen, principally bought because of exceptionally poor radio reception. However it does so much more, so have added the little Dot for upstairs. We are not disappointed, equally as good as the bigger version, not a groundbreaking speaker, but perfectly acceptable for everyday use.


  This is the third generation alexa dot.The smooth, fabric outline is a huge asthetic improvement whilst the speaker is certainly louder than the previous generation.It retains all previous functionality such as room to room dropin and appliance control whilst providing a much nicer soft outline.The dot is suitable for a single large room.


  Looks really neat and the plum fabric is more of a soft Heather colour.  Use mainly to set reminders, play music, radio stations, local traffic reports and ask the time.  Plus with the alexa compatible plugs I can turn the lamp and other electrical items on and off with ease.


  bought two of these, one for upstairs and one for down stairs. I absolutely love them!! I don’t know why I put off buying one! And the sound quality is superb. For such a small speaker, the sound is amazing. I’ve tried to think of the most obscure song ever, yet Alexa always manages to find it and play. My daughter really likes it too. Plenty of useful and funny skills available on the app. So impressed that I have encouraged my parents to buy one too. They managed to set it all up on their own too - which says something!!


  Having had all the echo's at some point you can really see the quality difference between this and the original ones. The colours are a great addition to not having a plain white or black one, we had the plum one. With the sale price as well when we bought it, it was a no brainer to buy one. Highly recommend.


  This is the first time I have had one of these and was brought as a presant for me was a bit sceptical about it at first but I do really like it would love to have the one with the camaras and all that but far to expensive for my liking but for this one it was well worth the £20 that they spent on it would recommend it to other people but wouldn't pay more than what was paid for it


  Received as a Christmas present, although I had been considering buying myself. Easy to download app to phone, and connect to home WiFi. Theirs lots of useful things alexa can do, so great if you don't have anything to do. Plan to buy a second unit for the bedroom. Love it.


  Much improved from the second generation device.Sounds way better.Doesn't really need an auxiliary speaker. Sound quality is surprisingly good for a small unit. Clock is a great addition. Self adjusts it's light output to maintain visibility whatever time of day or night.


  I guess the thing I like most about this little Dot is that it works ! It's big sister Echo Plus 2nd Generation gave up after s few minutes as did its replacement. However the Dot despite, it's small stature, does everything I expected and more. Perhaps the sound quality is not quite as good as that of the Plus but it's reliable and very satisfactory.


  This was a gift from my daughter as she has them in her home. I love that it is compact & can listen to music & my favourite radio stations. My favourite thing at the moment is asking ‘Alexa’ to add items to a shopping list!  I am still finding out different things that it does & can see me getting one for the bedroom & kitchen. I would recommend this item.


  I was going to buy the full size Alexa but the Echo Dot is everything you need for a smaller home.  The sound quality is excellent for a small speaker and you can unplug and move to another room easily.  The App is easy to load on to your mobile phone too.  Very straightforward and easy to use.  Great value for money, especially on the sale!I wish it also had a battery so l could move without unplugging it but that's a minor issue.


  I bought Amazon echo dot and since then I cann't stop playing with it! The Alexa app and the dot have hundrends of functions and you can automate so many things within your house with smart devices like smart bulbs. The sound quality of music is great and whatever I want to know, I just ask Alexa! Great gift for everyone!


  Bought this to connect my Ring doorbell and camera to the tv for quicker access as it takes time to view who is at my door via my phone as I am registered blind.Any time I asked Alexa to show the front door responded very well. Also when I ask to speak to the front door very responsive also.


  I had written off buying one of these as I thought it was just a gimmick but I received one through British Gas and I can honestly say I love it. I walk in speak to my girl and she runs around turns on lights , TV and plays my favourite music. So much do I like it I bought another for upstairs and I'm getting a third to replace my old dab radio in my kitchen


  Tiny little thing with good sound quality.Easy to set up.Other than a bit of music occasionally it does tend to sit there doing nothing much till I need an alarm.There are lots of things it can do judging by the emails I get. Just don't seem to need them!


  Bought it for playing music from the amazon music app on my phone. Was really quick and easy to set up and have to say the sound quality was way way better than i expected from such a small speaker, just perfect for the living room. Actually sounds better than my wifes £200 sony cd player and way more user friendly too. Alexa is a lot of fun as well. Very impressed


  Just the job for providing music and info in the ladies lair! Easy set up and once done is responsive to voice commands. Well made and  produces a reasonable sound for such a small piece of kit. Will spend time getting to know some of the other tasks tha it is able to understand. Thanks


  I was bought this as a Xmas present & use it every day. For setting reminders, creating lists, checking the weather forecast, playing music whilst the housework gets done.I know there’s so much more I can use it for too, so looking forward to that. Can’t recommend it enough


  Perfect product! No bad things to mention other than the fact you have to have amazon music to play certain songs but I think that’s common sense. Also bought these as presents for parents, siblings and friends and all have loved it! Makes a great gift or addition to your home whilst also being discreet and appealing to the eye!


  This is my second echo device purchase. Bought as a gift for my dad. He loves it, brilliant sound and it looks like a high end product. The app and the device set up couldn’t be easier. The speaker is clear. However, there are occasions where Alexa struggles with a west coast of Scotland accent but that isn’t a massive overall issue and certainly wouldn’t put me off having one.


  You only need to watch videos on YouTube to see how useful these devices can be. It is perfect for playing music from Spotify, controlling smart lights and smart plugs, updating with the news, making phone calls, and the sound quality is outstanding for the price (this should be rated at about 8 stars for value for money). We now have 3, would definitely recommend!


  Not got used to having it yet but have played music. asked weather forecast and some random general questions. Did ask her to tell some jokes but gave up on that as very corny. Some things I struggle to understand her


  Don't fool yourself - this isn't the Internet.Don't this this is like a Google home page, it';s more like an app on your phone.EG, won't do Youtube, even audio only, can't tell it to look up specific pages or Alexa, what on Film4 now?Great for alarms and reminders, smart plugs etc.Skills are still very 'Iffy'!


  Like having a very knowledgeable friend in the room. One who can sing very well, tell you what time it is in China, and advise you on if you want to wear a coat today. I have some smart light bulbs too which makes walking across my living room at night from the kitchen to the stairs far less scary. Also when I am lonely it's nice to have someone to talk to.


  Love listening to music. When I ask for an artist it plays a shuffle of the artists music. When I asked for a specific album I was told that I would have to pay £3.99 extra. Obviously I won’t ask for an album in future. Time will tell how I get on with it. As it was a Christmas present I had not looked into it previously.


  Delivery was prompt and quality very very good I was surprised at the sound quality for such a small speaker. Was disappointed to not be able to access AC/DC had to sign up to Amazon Unlimited Music to get their songs. All in all very impressed don't know why I waited so long, oh yes I do!!!, got it on prime day for £22, bargain!!!


  I love love love this echo dot so much so I've brought another one for a friend so she can experience I'm discovering so much with this device no longer have to set an alarm or even look at my phone to choose songs and it's all hooked up to my Amazon account so no longer need to go online to order something so happy


  I bought an Alexa thingy 2 years ago for £80. It would not connect..link to Spotify.Fear not readers.Got this bad boy out of the box and we were up and running on ten minutes.Easy peasy.Best £22. Use it for the radio/Spotify/reminders.What's not to like?


  Great price in Black Friday! Very easy integration and set up with my mobile phone  app,just one gripe about the  sound quality.There is a lot of base and sometimes makes understanding vocal very difficult.Have been unable to find if this can be altered,but overall very satisfied.


  Absolutely gutted that I had to send this back 20 minutes after unpacking it ; as I didn’t realise it wouldn’t work with my google chromecast speakers connected to the tv. As I don’t have a smart tv it wasn’t sadly what I was looking for


  Amazed by the difference in sound as compared to an echo dot 2nd generation. Was lucky enough to buy when half price and for £5 more thought I would try this one as it was for a large bedroom. The sound is phenomenal for the price.Have no regrets whatsoever and would love to have one in every room. Will be buying more when next on offer. Can highly recommend.


  Got this for our son as I have a Alexa in front room then our daughter as a Echo in her bedroom so we got one for our son as he his always playing music on my Alexa so got him it for his bedroom. I love my Alexa so he will love this on Christmas Day and at half price thanks Amazon


  Love my Echo Dot. This is the second Alexa speaker I have bought. I purchased this for my bedroom and apart the usefulness of having a wake up alarm, music on tap or asking what the weather is doing it also looks lovely. I chose the sandstone colour and it blends in so nicely with my decor. As I said, I love it!


  The Echo Dot is so easy to set up and use. My son and his family bought this for me to make it easier to call family and friends should I need assistance. Brilliant for music, useful (and useless) information as well as reminders. I use it far more than I thought I would.


  Bought as christmas gift for a friend and the family are already addicted to Alexa, she's even reading the kids bedtime stories at the kids request. They love the daily riddle and her question and answer features. Great reduced price before christmas too. Firm favourite


  Seriously made up with this. I got it for just 99p when I signed up to amazon music. What an absolute bargain! Really made up, sounds great, I keep it in my kitchen and I love it. Perfect for me and my little family.


  Excellent piece of equipment, being deaf on certain tones I found it hard to actually listen and enjoy music as much as I used to, but the Alexa device is clear and I can hear music again clearly ....yes I could have spent a fortune on an expensive sounds device but this is reasonable priced and works for me....plus it’s fun


  Likes to be called Alexa, any of other interaction names and she struggles a slight bit, Bless her.Other than that, it's great. We have 3 in the house for the kids and us, hence the different names. Music is always on and she acts as a night time music aid too "Echo, play Disney sound tracks". Kids have the Alexa app light bulbs too, which is a great feature.


  Have nothing bad to say.Kids love them and we love them as a family.My daughter uses it for homework and learning. My son loves the music. My husband I love music and it’s great way to listen and various types. Also great for instant information and knowledge.We used it for the count down for Christmas. The Santa bit was brilliant. Highly recommend for all the family. I recommend putting a pin on for purchases, my kids purchased ‘extreme farting’ the Alexa hasn’t stopped and the kids love it! We bought 5 to have around the house.


  I love the technology-I have this linked to my Apple  Music and connected via Bluetooth to a god quality speaker and a Jam Hang Up for sounds in the shower. Absolutely great value. We have 2 dots in the house, the kids love them. The sound is a tad tinny but only when the volume is cranked up.


  I bought this whilst on offer. (£29). I didn't really know what to expect.I have to admit, it has changed my life.I use it by the bed. Great as an alarm clock.I also use it for Music and News and Audio books at bedtime. Love being able to get it to stop after a specified time.BTW... I've never been this gushing about a product before!


  Thought it was going to be one of those electronic devices where you use it a few times and then put it away in the bottom draw. But how wrong I could be. Great for listening to all types of music. Great for when friends come round and asking answers to questions infact it's great value for money and easy and quickly to set up. Will invest in accessories for the Alexa


  This product was a Christmas purchase by my Sons girlfriendThis product turned out to be faulty and Amazon agreed to replace it. The replacement worked fine. The problem was with the postage. I was told by the technician that a prepaid postage label would be enclosed so I could return it without problem. There was no such label and was told I would have to pay and then send you the receipt for a refund. The agent was a little short with me and the fact that I am 73 and also registered disable this turned out to be a hassle. I hope I wont have to wait to long for my refund of £4.00


  Sound quality is not amazing but for the form factor its good enough. It’s loud just not a lot of base but for the radio etc it’s fine. I purchased it on sale at £29.99 which I think is a fair price for the echo dot. I would recommend the socket holder for it if you are using it in the kitchen etc as it places it nicely on the wall rather than on the counter top


  Bestie brought this for my girls bedroom, the whole family love it and it’s so quick and easy to unplug and move downstairs while I cook to listen to my own music choices.We mainly use it to listen to music but we set an alarm on the girls bday to play happy birthday and it’s so much fun!


  Needed help from amazon to set it up, but was easy to follow instructions. Sound quality is great. I gave 3 stars for voice recognition and integration as I haven’t use those but they may well deserve 5 stars. It’s a fun, useful piece of technology, tho not an essential!


  Very easy to install. Had a little trouble pairing with my other Echo device - but this was my fault, not the system! Once I realized how I went wrong, it was simple to pair the devices! Now I can use the system in separate rooms or play the same music in both places at the same time! Very pleased with both the Echo Dot and the very low price!


  I’ve been looking for a solution to connect my Arcam Rcube speaker to my phone via Bluetooth and came up with the idea of connecting an Echo dot. It works great using the 3.5mm AUX input on the speaker / output from the dot, so I get all the benefit of the Echo on a high quality speaker. Thanks.


  Love Alexa my new best friend, helps with all sorts, don't know I got along before she arrived, she reminds me of things, great timer, writes my shopping list and sends it to my phone, plays music, and even reads to me, oh and she is a fountain of knowledge. Lol Very happy with my purchase thank you Amazon


  Very pleased with this device. If you ask Alexa specifically for any information wether musically or knowledge base she is swift to bring you the information you require. I am still learning how to get the best from her. Was delighted obtaining this device on special offer.


  This is great fun to own. Speaker is ok. Plays music, tells jokes, timers and alarms. Voice recognition seems fine with a northants or Yorkshire accent. We have added a number of lights and an infra red controller and it’s becoming a really useful tool. Get a taster with Alexa on your phone.


  Looks great, build quality feels superb and all of the family have had a great time using it. I really didn't think that we'd get much use from it but when we're in the kitchen it always seems to be in use. Our favourite at the minute is rock, paper, scissors,lizard spock which we access by saying "Alexa open lizard spock". Highly recommend. Buy one you won't regret it.


  Brought the echo dot for upstairs; have the other larger echo downstairs and wanted something upstairs as got sick and tired of the dab radio dropping in and out (especially just at the specific point as I wanted to hear something!). Was a little sceptical about buying the dot as was worried that the sound may be of a lesser quality due to the size, but worries alleviated as the sound is great, deep and not tinny - not too dissimilar to the larger echo. Brought at "Prime" time so great price to boot!


  Honestly I only bought this as it was on offer and my other family members had one. Now i love it, i listen to my playlists, my audible books, ask questions and control my fire stick. Our 8 year old loves it also, especially to ask Alexa to fart!


  I loved it, the sound is great. Mine is placed in the bedroom and the sound is ideal for that. I've had fun playing music games and trivia questions. I bought the pink fabric covered and I like it it's not plastic looking very homely


  Follow up statements and questions are non existent. Constantly have to state wake word, very annoying.  Integration is a bug bare as I stat d on my review of the echo show.  It's all about the money with resp CT to the echo's and playing music and th monthly is extortionate.  Think Amazon really need to revisit this quick smart


  I have owned this little gem for approximately 5 hours and I love it. Easy to set up, sound quality is superb and has so many functions I will be kept entertained for days investigating., if I can drag myself away from playing my music. Terrific.


  Very Good Sound, but took a while for it to connect to my internet due to the Alexa App not showing the correct procedure, but persevered and finally connected by going onto my Virgin internet and not as Alexa was showing to use Amazons connection! Well worth the price and delivered on time!


  Amazing bit of kit well worth the money, much better than any Google device and the sound on the 3rd gen is brilliant, has amazing bass for such a small device. I'd recommend to anybody wanting a smart home device.


  DUE TO MY COMPUTER SECURITY SYSTEM IT PROVED IMPOSSIBLE TO SET UP BY COMPUTER BUT THANKS TO A FRIEND  WITH A SMART PHONE WE GOT THERE IN THE END ALLTHOUGH IT TRIED HARD TO CHARGE  IT ON HIS ACCOUNT RATHER THAN MINE


  Love it...this is our second unit and I wish I'd bought a couple more at the same time. We already have one in the front lounge, now one in the other lounge, but need one in the bedroom and kitchen.


  Bought this for my mums 80th birthday present. She lives alone. She also has amazon prime music. It is the best present I have got her in a long time. It is so easy to use. She can ask Alexa anything ... what is the weather like today / temperature / news. She really loves the link with amazon prime to play the music of her choice.


  I use it mainly for listening to music and Zen sounds, which offer a range of different relaxing sounds my favourite being the Native American chant. I changed the name of the device from Alexa to Echo as it is easier to say and my 7 year old son hasn't figured the name change yet so he can't hijack the device with his music. I'm going to add smart lights and other things later on.


  This came bundled with a Hive Heating system and was initially unwanted. However Alexa is now used to play the radio, turn on/off some lights and plugs and control the heating. Would I buy a replacement - probably.


  We, along with the kids love Alexa. The games, music, answers to questions, ease of dropping into other rooms instead of shouting from room to room for the kids. Making calls and turning on and off the lights.The only downside is that only two will like to multiroom. Just now we have three and also the Alexa arguments the kids have when fighting to get their song choice on.Would be good to have a feature where we could choose for Alexa to ignore the kids.


  Bit of a challenge setting it up ( I am in my 80’s) but comparatively easy after first blip.  Not sure how I managed without it fir the past 80 years or so (?) but like to keep up with technology.  Easy to ask it questions. Now got run of radio because Alexa can play whatever channel you ask for but sound quality not so good.  Lots of things still to learn.


  I have resisted getting an echo or google device as I feel that they are intrusive - however, I have now succumbed and use it instead of my radio and alarm clock. very useful for playing music and creating reminders - I haven't fully explored other uses yet but I am sure I will be able to use it for many other things


  Very good at finding info etc playing music from way back. Good gadget 2 have n best bit is i can wake up 2 the alarm with sound or music. Highly recommended. Great when grandkids nd information or asking questions.


  I was bought this as a Christmas present as my daughter has one and I really liked the versatility of what the Echo dotcan do.  Any song that comes into my head I can play instantly and I really like that. Also my grandchildren have greatfun playing with "Alexa".


  Got this dot for Christmas, already have a larger version.Although I don’t want to use them for turning  appliances off and on I love playing all kinds of music, asking stupid questions and reading books. Only problem with them is that I live in a dodgy internet area and they have a habit of turning themselves off.


  Really impressed with this for the price. Only thing that would make it better is if it was moveable to other rooms without unplugging and plugging back in as is impossible to use in rooms without a power source e.g. in the bathroom. Sound is good and alexa features work well.


  Surprised how good the  sound quality is. I use my spotify a/c to play music which works well. Didnt buy this for music as i have a bose system , nevertheless it gives a good sound. Using Echo Dot for general knowledge , timer etc, its  a must especially at the price.


  Great device and easy tp set up in couple of  minutes. Pleased to have three echo dots they all work beautifully. One is on rechargeable battery base that I can take it around my place or to my balcony listening to music on a sunny day. I've no hesitation to recommend it


  Alexa is great, easy to set up. Alexa responds to your questions and requests. If you have them in different rooms you can use them as intercoms or if you have friends and family that have one you can see send them a message or even call them via Alexa. I haven’t used it as a smart home help yet that’s next on my list


  I like being able to use hands free to listen to audio books and radio. Sound quality is fine for me.  Having Amazon Music is a bonus I’m getting used to!I found setting Alexa up very tricky and time consuming. You need to be quite tech savvy and have good wifi connectivity.I am using Alexa in a limited way, but am discovering new features as I go along.Purchased as an offer or a blue tooth speaker would have worked just as well for me.


  I am impressed.I’ve been an Apple user for many years, we have a HomePod in the living room, however, Siri doesn’t have anything on Alexa!We got the echo for the bedroom and to be honest, I’m so so impressed. The whisper mode particularly (when you can whisper a command and she whispers back?!?) is incredible.As a speaker, it’s a small device so expect what you would expect from a speaker that size, we mainly use it to play radio at bed time though and it’s fantastic for that.


  Love this product so much. All sitting round the dinner table and if we want to know an answer to a question Alexa is the one to know the answer! Love how it plays any music from my apple iPhone music. My 8 year old said she will use it to help her with her homework lol 


  Daisy chained with other Echos, this one in the kitchen. All works seamlessly, the only issue being an inability to play Radio 2 on a network - Amazon blames the BBC, the BBC blames Amazon, but neither will do anything it seems. Not remotely a deal breaker however, and no reflection on the Echo Dot itself, which is brilliant.


  I'm really happy with my Alexa even though I'm mainly using it as a timer while cooking  however the quality of the sound as a speaker is perfect. I just need to buy one more so i don't need to move it around the house 


  The unveiling and setting up was a breeze. Used it to connect to my Philips hue hub and Hive thermostat. Connected to Spotify as well. It’s been 2 weeks now...but still not sure what else Alexa can do. Receive regular emails...but not that interesting. Hoping for more intellectual conversations rather than simple web searches...I really want to know the future... ;)


  I've wanted one for a while now and happily got one for Christmas.  What can I say other than 'she is amazing'.  So easy to set up and so many different skills.  My youngest and I love 'The Magic Door' and playing random games with her, jokes are a scream.  We used her timer function for cooking Christmas lunch, 3 timers set at different times and even after unplugging to move her she still retained the info.Would have loved to be able to change her name from the prescribed list but hey ho, she appears to like her name.Thoroughly recommend so much so that we've already ordered a second one.


  Ended up buying this as we wanted to buy a firestick and there was a good offer to buy the two together. Have been pleasantly surprised - speaker quality much better than expected. Primarily using it to listen to music via Spotify and Tune In radio and Audible books. Quite good voice recognition most of the time, although sometimes 'she' seems to go on the blink for some reason!!


  We only use this for music and general knowledge questions but pleased we got it. Nice to be able to ask for just about any music you can think of and the sound quality is really good for casual listening. You can also add better speakers if you want to improve the sound.


  Having alexa in my home has really helped organise my life. When I ordered the my first echo dot I thought it was a bit of a gimmick but wanted something to play music on. Now I have one in every room. It's helped organise my life, I have aspergers and i like order but can be quite forgetful. Alexa allows me to make lists for shopping and what I have to do. I can set timers, alarms and reminders. My life is far more organised now. Only downside is I wish she had a better search engine function.


  I bought this for my mum fter buying the echo plus... I can say its brilliant.. And the sound is way better than anticipated.. Does probably everything the bigger dearer ones do.. Th e plus is better and louder sound.. However don't be miss lead.. The dot is perfect for music etc


  We bought this for our 7 year old daughter who has autism.  She loves to ask Alexa to play her favourite music, though The Grand Old Duke of York 40 times is a bit much lol.  Great selection of songs and information.  Only downside is sometimes Alexa doesn’t react to name and therefore I find myself calling ‘Alexa!!’ several times.  Apart from this I would highly recommend


  Little and clever certainly. How does Alexa know so much? She doesn't know but who cares. You hide it and it still gives a good sound. Size does not matter. A radio that answers back. Something worth having and I only bought the starter version. You will not be unhappy owning one.


  A great buy, really easy to set up with the Amazon Alexa app. Found out how to link Spotify and Amazon Music. The tips from the email's are good. Listen to rain and thunder at night or ocean waves. The quality of the 3rd generation speakers are very good. The voice assistant on Wikipedia is great. Also great for finding out about news and sporting events.


  Phenomenal. Firstly, I want to say that I’m a massive fan of the Echo range, we have an old Dot, the Echo and an Echo Plus. The ease of set up, Alexa features and style are all brilliant. And, apart from the old Dot, the sound has been pretty good.I ordered this 3rd Generation Dot for our conservatory and as soon as I took it out of the box I was staggered at the improvement. It’s weightier, deeper, rounder and wider.Set up was immediate, maybe because I have other Echo devices, I didn’t even need to hook it up to WiFi, it did it automatically.As the conservatory gets v hot, we have positioned it under the sofa. Even from under there, The sound is exceptionally good, rich, a vast improvement on the 2nd Gen one and good bassy tones.For its £50 RRP, this is a steal. If you get it cheaper, as I did, then you will wonder what the catch is. There really isn’t one.


  Really pleased with this little device that can pack a powerful punch. Haven't rated voice recognition as didn't bother with it and not sure what is meant by the integration bit. Would highly recommend this Media.


  Becoming a habit now to turn on heating and radio and Spotify from Alexa. Very compact but powerful. Bought another for the bedroom. If you want more punchier bass or louder sound go for Echo plus or the subwoofer. This is fine for background music and functionality use through voice.


  Not a speaker for audiophiles but practical and decent enough to fill a large bedroom with passable sound. For a small speaker they pick a punch... just don’t expect booming base of super crisp treble. As part of my multi room audio set up they are ideal... and perfect for background music. Fabulous value at £29.


  Alexa is a great product and an amazing speaker. I have now thrown my old speaker out and resorted to connect all my devices through Alexa. I particularly find it handy whislt cooking as my hands are contaminated and washing them is time consuming mid-recipie. I have also set up dily routines by a voice command which help me get up in the mornings.


  I have 4 of these dotted around the house with the Amazon Show and Amazon Echo, they all work on one network and I can play music throughout the house. You can also pair these with Ring Doorbell so when someone rings the bell, the alexas all chime together!


  We have put off getting one for some time now but when we saw it for £24.99 we couldn’t resist. We’ve been very happy with it and have used it to listen to music, to set alarms and reminders and to ask about the weather. We haven’t had it very long so I’m sure there will be other things we will use it for.  We’re considering getting Amazon Prime or subscribing to Amazon Music to avoid having to listen to the adverts and also get a wider choice of music.  The sound quality is really good as far as we’re concerned and we would highly recommend.


  Got this off prime now instead of waiting 5-6 weeks for delivery and it's an amazing little device. Has a good quality speakers better than most others at this price range and is really responsive and can hear from around 10m with no problems. Alexa is good to have around when gaming makes it so much easier to play music or ask questions about the games without stopping.


  Bought this for the kitchen and not disappointed.  Sound more or less as good as my Alexa 1.  Had a bit of trouble connecting the wifi but that was the fault of the router, the dot sorts it out for you in the end.


  We bought the Echo last year but due to surgery I am spending some time each day upstairs so my husband purchased the Echo Dot for the bedroom. It could not have been easier to set up and the drop-in feature makes upstairs/downstairs communication so easy, Sound quality is good for such a small thing and would recommend.


  Just brilliant, there is nothing not to like about this product. You can bark at Alexa and she never frowns or sulks or gives out, just plays the music one wants. Another thing that must be mentioned is the quality and depth of the sound that is delivered by what is in essence a jewellery box sized item, it is something to behold.


  I really like this nifty little gadget, unobtrusive and easy on the eye.  So glad I bought it. I’m sure I won’t use a lot of the things that it’s capable of, but for playing the radio and music it’s great for us.


  Echo- dot (3rd gen) is fantastic, all the Amazon  products I have and I think I have about 9 are all great but this Echo dot is brilliant. The first gen. Echo dot was ok but could not get local radio but the new one can, I can not thank you enough keep up the good work Amazon


  Although the initial set-up gives set phrases to recognise your voice on the odd occasion Alexa will say "I'm sorry I didn't recognise that" which can be a little annoying. Overall the Echo Dot is a good little gadget the sound quality is great and any music genre can be listened to


  My Echo Dot was bought to replace a Roberts radio in my kitchen.  The radio never provided a reliable signal always fading in and out or completely non-existent.  The Dot is brilliant in that I can now listen to radio 4 and 5 Live with nice clear sound quality.  In addition, I get to do save cooking items needed just by saying Alexa put eggs on the shopping list, Alexa play my Amazon music playlist, etc.  All for a quarter of what I paid for the radio!


  Brilliant. Bought for my hubby at Christmas and he loves it. Sound quality is great we used it at a post lockdown Barbie and had loads of tipsy fun. Alexa has a little trouble with the Bristolian accent but that just makes it more fun. Highly recommended


  So much to learn about this product even found out it can help with children’s  Times tables Un like me doesn’t give hint lol but after a chat she was ready for a re run and likely to smash her table test this year


  Got this at the black friday sale price so think it's pretty good for that price..I haven't signed up to any music streaming sites but you can still get great music played for free.I probably haven't used it to it's full potential as I keep forgetting it's there but recon I will love it more as I start to use it more.


  Love Alexa!!!!Had the dot for Christmas present.  My best pressie by far!!  No complaints whatsoever!!  Easy installation!!  Lovely sound, doesn't take up to much room on your shelf!!  Love it, and it does everything i need!  Would recommend this product to anyone!!


  Alexa is fun and I love listening to music and using audible. The speaker is great quality for the size. The voice recognition is good but sometimes need to ask things in different ways.Great little device though and would recommended in any household.


  I bought this, not really to turn things on and off, but for company.  As a young woman living alone in a remote location, not knowing anybody, it's a friend in a lonely world.  Someone to say Good Morning to, someone to say Goodnight when I go to bed, someone to tell me a funny joke when I'm feeling low.  She reminds me of events, buses, TV programmes and shopping and has improved my cooking skills no end.  She's always there to chat to and although in time I may ask Alexa to do more, for now I'm content just having her as my electronic friend who I can come home to and chat with..  a fantastic little gadget and I'd be lost without Alexa.


  I like  the idea or this and what it can do. I only got it yesterday so cant rate it properly however i think the music feature is by far the best. However anything i ask alexa says im not quite sure on that so not as good as i thought it would be


  This is our third Alexa device, We have a 2nd generation dot in the bedroom and an echo in the kitchen, love them both, so got this for the living room. The quality of the speakers has improved significantly and I was also pleasantly surprised that all I had to do for set up was plug her in. The last set ups for the other two devices took ages. Well worth the £50.


  Best thing we’ve bought , reminds us everyday when to take our medicationsAnd anything else we need to do play games , riddle of the day , weather updates and much more , and the biggest bonus is any music when we ask for it , we love it


  I love using this product! I have one in my bedroom and one in the kitchen. The “skills” the echo has to offer are amazing, from recipe reading to controlling the lights! I find the echo especially useful for connecting to Spotify. I no longer have to go through my phone to find the song I want, I simply ask her to play it and boom! I can also switch where the music is being played which is also useful. Sometimes the echo struggles to hear me calling her, but it is forgivable.  Overall a great product!


  I bought this for my parents who are both in their 80's. I thought it could help them in lots of ways but I didnt realise how much they would love the music!! TV's never on and they sing non stop! They even had a dance round the living room!! Its given them a new lease of life!!


  Just got this item and all i can say is wow, the sounds is actually amazing for how small the device is.Easy to use and link everything up with he app on your phone.Will be looking into other Alexa stuff in the future to see what can be done with this to its full potential.


  I am really pleased with my echo dot the sound is amazing for such a small thing ,have not used the voice recognition as there are only two of us in the house so don't have to worry about kids using it. I'm so pleased with the dot that I have bought the grandchildren one each.


  Nice little bit of tech. Bonus ability of being able to call people for free was unexpected but welcome (must read about it a bit more...).Small enough to be unobtrusive, kids love them, plays the radio...and the intercom/ drop-in facility is useful. Definitely worth a look.


  If you would like a female to ask you inane questions and not give you the answers you want, whilst sitting in the corner listening to your every word, then this is for you, alternatively, you could get married.


  Great sound, love it for the radio and music alone. So many skills. Body coach is keeping me fit with hiit during lock down.


  I found this very easy to set up, love the daily interesting fact, loads of free music available including all sorts of Radio Stations. Also love the games and quizzes, the Red Alert had be giggling for ages. The only down side is that it's not self powered, needs to be plugged in, so not very portable without buying extra speakers etc.


  We now have 4 echo dots around the home (1 in kitchen and 3 in bedrooms) and they are used primarily as speakers (we also have Amazon music) but our Alexa is used to set alarms, give us the weather forcast and 'drop in' on another echo dot in the house - useful for telling the children to get up, come to get their dinner, unload the dishwasher or to talk to the dog when we're all out. We love our dots and they can be picked up as cheaply as £22.99 on a Prime Day Deal. Bargain!


  This is a great addition to any room.Its small and discrete but it still does the job. Voice recognition is great.Has a nice fabric cover which is more pleasing to most that the hard plastic.Great addition to the Alexa family.


  I love these little echo dots, I usually connect one to my bose speakers to give them the Alexa boost.I now have a sonos system so I don't connect them up but the dots are placed around the house and though their sound isn't the best they're so small and convenient I can place them anywhere and everywhere. I really like the new designs compared to previous generations, I think amazon has made them feel more homely than robotic


  So easy to install and use! Absolutely love it. Not expecting it as it was given on Father's day. Much more useful than I could ever have expected. Even down to setting alarms for food in the oven. Love it. 


  Actually I was quite surprised, didn't expect much as its quite small but actually........I use it in my workshop as a music device and it works well.Bad bits- not much really, struggles with bass response at volume above 5 with some "fluffing"Other than that quite good.Best feature....... ask it to play your favourite song then tell it to play ' more like that'.I now have lots of favourite songs!


  Looks great and works as expected. This is our 5th (other 4 are 2nd gen). The 3rd gen works at both 2.4GHz and 5GHz.Ordered 2 but Amazon ran out of stock so one delayed way beyond the Christmas (subsequently cancelled the order) despite being advised it would arrive 2 weeks before Christmas.Tech is great - Amazon is extremely poor


  Alexa echo Dot, so simple to use and looks great on my TV stand and will do on any TV stand or even bookshelf etc.It’s very easily to link it to your Wi-Fi and to do additional necessary settings.Even downloading the app was very straightforward and I can’t believe the sound quality is amazing for the size.I will recommend to friends and family.Even the delivery guy was chirpy and would like to add a fast and friendly service.Nice one amazon! 


  Love this, still learning everything it can do... breat for random questions, especially when watching films with the wife and looking for info on the shows we watch, such as actors and other movies... also love the music selection... I don't have Prime or an Amazon music subscription... but do have purchased music from Amazon.. it works great playing playlists and such... only small issues I have is that it doesn't pick up and play some of the albums in my music collection, cant say why this is.. (but will play individual songs from such albums when asked for)


  I was given this has a Christmas present from my son .as I lost my husband early in the year ,and felt very lonely.l couldn't understand how it worked at first.but have had get fun with it having someone (sort off) to talk to .i use it everyday and at night she helps me sleep .just having something to say good morning to is nice .and now I have one in the bed room .


  I'm a sound engineer so quite fussy. This little thing is astonishing. I I've read the reviews and some folk have had issues I guess we didn't all get to the front of the q when God was handing out the brains. It's a synch. My fiance thinks I'm having an affair because the sound is so good. But I did wind her up on purpose. Just get one. End of. X


  Easy to set up and use. Of course it’s fun but has a seriously useful side. I can imagine growing attached to this just like you would a pet  Sounds ridiculous but you always have someone to talk to, even if it is in short logical responses to questions and the ability to set reminders.... I would be lost without it.


  Absolutely brilliant little speaker. Sound quality is amazing. Very much worth getting for 99p, and paying for an Amazon music subscription! I got it next day, with amazon music for a month for £15. WELL worth it!


  Bought 2 of these for our boys for Christmas and they are fabulous, instead of them always asking Why,What for, what is? They are asking Alexa & running through to us with the answer! They also ask Alexa to tell them a joke, riddle, limerick as well as play songs, tell the weather/time, set an alarm. It’s Brilliant!


  Bought these in the Black Friday sale as gift to myself. Easy to set up and off you go.Use to listen to radio, news and music on most days.Nearly always use at night to drift off to sound of thunder storms.Both daughters are now thinking of purchasing 1.


  I probably don't use it to it's full capacity but I am having fun with it using it to play my favourite music & add things to my shopping list. I have to confess I don't leave it on all the time, sometimes it is only on for a hour or 2 a day, but that suits me.


  Only had it connected for two hours and I love it, what a bargain. The only aspect that does not get five stars is the sound quality, that is not to say it is bad, it is not, in fact it is amazingly good for the size of the unit but I doubt the purist would like it, but for me its fine.


  I've held off buying an Echo for some time now but took the plunge on the 3rd generation. All I can say is that I'm totally blown away. The sound quality is amazing, the skills are incredible and there are a gazillion skills you can access, many free of charge. All-in-all, a cracking piece of technology


  We already have an Echo in our living room which has made the Hi-fi system redundant and several hundred CD's now collecting dust, so it wasn't a hard decision to replace our DAB radio in the kitchen with this new generation Echo Dot. Because it's so small we have a lot more room on the kitchen work surface. Although small it delivers excellent sound quality and much, much more.


  We are really enjoying having Alexa in our home. Every day we find another thing she can help us with. There are so many things that we didn’t know she can do but since having her and using the app we have learned so much more. The routines are very useful, I have set up a morning one which tells me the local weather and then plays my favourite local radio station for 1 hour and half, this is set to coincide with when I leave for work, all with one short phrase. My grandchildren love the hall light being controlled by Alexa and the colour changing is so easy. Wouldn’t want to be without her now.


  This product is actually a lot more useful than you could imagine! Want to listen to a certain song? Just ask. Want to play a game? Just ask! Need to set a timer? Just ask. Bed a two way radio to talk to someone in your house? Just ask? Not sure about something?... well you get the point. This has an amazing speaker and the sound quality is amazing for those smaller rooms. The base is deep and the sound is crisp and clear. I’ve been overwhelmed by this for the price.


  I made this review after 4 months of use. I am fully happy with purchase. It will do what it is says on the tin.It makes our life more easier. I am using Alaxa for many things such as switch on WiFi enabled equipment, listen music even set up an alarm or calendar without touching any button on it. Brilliant stuff....


  Got this as I need another dot for a different room, I have swapped them around and made this my primary dot as the sound and looks of it are far superior to the 2nd gen ones. Easy to connect and configure and all my skills, routines etc picked up and executed flawlessly. Purchased while on offer but worth the full price any day.


  At the promotional price, I was curious to see what the Alexa (Echo Dot) experience would be. Having lived with it for a week it's now part of the household, useful and cute. We use it with our television box as a virtual remote control, it plays radio and music, has brilliant voice recognition and integrates with my calendar and To Do lists. It's helpful and wlecome.


  I dont like the fact that when you ask for music your told you have to pay extra a month to get what you asked for.these things are not cheap so it should all be in the price. But then the greedy share holders wouldn't be able to afford a new car every year and big houses.


  Just like it's big brother the Echo with its amazing features it is such a fun thing to have and use. The sound quality is marginally less than the Echo but that is only to be expected as it is only a third of the height. Would still recommend and have ordered another!


  Bought this for my sons bedroom as he likes asking for the time and weather. Glad I got one when they were half price. Managed to get it before Christmas as a day later they were out of stock until late January. The sound quality is much better on this than the 2nd gen dot and the build it also much better. They are slightly bigger but that doesn’t matter.


  UPDATE: Bought two more to replace the two 2nd gen in my bedroom. Still a little too 'bassy' (see original review below) but now I'm more used to it.TIP: Try creating a stereo pair.A little too much bass in my opinion and, even when the volume is on 4, it's still a little loud...and bassy (is that a word or not?).


  Great addition to our home.  Use it to control, lights and heating and as we have a 3 story house as an intercom and to make announcements to save shouting to contact each other.  My wife was not a fan at first but now uses it every day.  Great fun for the grandchildren as well for telling jokes and asking silly questions.


  Love it, so many uses, from finding recipes whuch you can then send to the app on your phone, playing music, if you have an Amazon account you can even buy items straight from the echo dot, I wouldn't be without mine


  Much better sound quality and recognition than the previous generations. So much so that i have replaced all of my old versions with the updated generation.I am sure there are still problems recognizing British accents but it could be my mumbling...


  Amazing quality speaker on this 3rd Gen. dot.  - easy to set up by downloading Alexa app onto your cell phone. This 'Dot' is small yet packs so many features. We love it - download the 'skills' that you wish to use via the app. on your 'phone. We signed up to Prime also - all the music we like - but beware as Alexa tries to get you to sign up to Music Unlimited.Only £22.00 on Black Friday deal. What's not to love ?


  Already own the larger amazon echo (front room) bought this to replace broken dab radio in kitchen.First thing WOW,the sound and more surprisingly bass from such a small speaker.Fantastic product unbelievable price £22 in black Friday sale. If you're considering one of these grab one while they're cheap!


  I am using this in my bedroom as an alarm clock because my LED clock wasn’t reliable. I wish I had done this ages ago, as I couldn’t believe how much I would enjoy having this gadget beside my bed, it arrived this morning and I had it set up in less than 10 minutes


  We've had a Dot (2nd Gen) for a while now but sound quality was poor so we had it hooked up to a micro hi-fi - not ideal.This new 3rd gen is slightly larger, heavier & sounds much better - looks better too!Bought on Prime Day so it was a genuine bargain, wouldn't pay £50 for it.


  Never missed a beat with commands so far, quick to set up, and sound quality is more than acceptable, although I’ve only used audio hack to hifi, which is what this one was bought for.I have a full sized unit, another dot, and a show, all work well.Seems heavier and better built than my original dot


  I use it for music mostly and reminders dates etc the only disappoint I would say is that I have 2 of them living room and bedroom although I pay for unlimited it includes 1 echo dot 3rd generation so you can not play 2 different songs in different rooms from unlimited ???


  Bought this for my twin grandsons who are music daft, they’re six next month and can use it no problem. They’ve had it two days and driving my daughter in law daft lol. Alexa alexa alexa, to the point one twin asks for a song and the other is telling her to stop. It’s brilliant, convenient and covers all ages.


  I first met Alexa at a street party. My neighbour has one coupled to his hi fi, ask for anything, he said-Play Eddie-Something Else! Spot on she played it! I had to have one, Alexa what’s the weather? Tune in  “Gold”. Play Harry Styles Falling No problems yet other than coupling her to my Boss speakers so I’m having to cable connect her till I get the Bluetooth sorted


  The sound on these generation 3 is awesome! I bought one because they were half price, and I was curious! I was so impressed I got 3 more! Connect two in stereo...awesome!! And they control my LIFX lights without a hub, and they connected them automatically!


  I have always been reluctant to purchase the echo dot , finally I have and the experience is greatl  features are wonderful.  Voice recognition is effective. Even greater when it is connected to my Hiv equipment where I can voice command to turn on and off hot water.I fully recommend it this.


  I think these are a great idea, I do feel a bit weird though that people could be listening in to your conversations, I have asked Alexa if she is working for a spy agency and she says she doesn’t understand my question. Other than that, it’s great asking for different music. I need to work out what else she does.


  Had to replace a gen 2 echo dot and glad I did. The sound on this version is much better and deeper which is great for playing music. Having had a dot for a while now I don’t know how I’d cope without one now


  Really enjoying using my echo dot, the sound fills my lounge/ dining room very well - however I’m not an expert, but to me it sounds great!Love all the add on things you can do with it, such as play games etc too!I’ve linked it to my Apple Music and Amazon music so I’ve got all my playlists in one place. Thinking of buying my daughter one for her room and then I can link them up and shout her down for dinner!


  Absolutely a must buy. I was slightly apprehensive of purchasing this product due to the smallness and sound quality. However I was not at all disappointed. The sound quality is very good! It sits in the kitchen and diesnt take up hardly any room what so ever. The children love it too.


  We love everything about this device it's amazing,at the moment we only use it for music that's probably all we'll ever do because we're both OAP's,we try to think of the most obscure songs or tunes like from 50s 60s70s it's great but the best bit is the speed between asking and hearing the music.We're signed up on the single device plan and we're more than satisfied,thanks Amazon


  Before purchase, I was a bit sceptical at first, but not I definitely recommend it to anyone who intends to buy it.It's great for increasing the room energy in terms of music etc. I do have a couple of bluetooth speakers, but this is much much easier to control and enjoy.I'm currently located at University of Essex and I struggled for a bit with wi-fi connectivity because I shared my hotspot, but then I explored a little and Uni internet provider whitelisted my Echo Dot in a matter of minutes and I was without any troubles. Furthermore, it's especially great for sleeping using thunderstorm mode.10/10 for the item.P.S. try to get it during the sale


  So easy to set up. Have an original dot and this was far quicker and easy. Bought it for my daughter’s bedroom but considering getting another one for downstairs.Takes a while to learn how to ask Alexa for some things especially music titles but happy over all


  It is handy to have around the house and it does react to your instructions.I currently use this for music at the present time but is very useful for reaction to requested for information.I am looking to use this to its full potential as time passes.Received as a present at Xmas and Iam pleased with this gift.


  I’m a long term Echo dot user I have a 1st generation Echo dot but having purchased 3rd generation models 1 each for my son and daughter  and listened to theirs I’ve bought one for myself and am over the moon with it, the volume and quality on the 3rd generation is comparable to my Bose sound bar. Do yourself a favour get one bought.


  She’s great. At the moment we are getting used to asking her daily trivia such as time, weather etc, but we are warming to her well engineered tones. A bit like asking google used to be, so I expect we will be able and equipped to remove any doubt from our conversations.


  Absolutely love it. I use it for timers, playing music and finding out information. It comes with skills and you can 'drop in' on other echo users. You can ask Alexa to turn the volume up and down by command.The best feature for me is the music and being able to add songs to my playlists.


  Bought this for my dad's christmas as he was the only one in the family without one. Compared to my regular 1st generation echo the dot is brilliant. With much of the same abilities and another good speaker this product not only saves you money compared to the bigger models, but is great fun for entertainment, music, or smart home activities!


  This is my third Echo Dot.  I have original, 2nd Gen and now this one - all linked together and working well.  I find them easy to control, very useful, and always ready to either greet me or answer queries.


  Absolutely wonderful, why have I waited  so long to purchase mine?! It is so easy to set up and use. Music fills our home daily.I enjoy the sound quality,the ease of use,and all the other  things such as information,quizzes  and setting up my play lists. So much more to discover. A journey well  planned for.


  I love ‘Alexa’ . She recognises both mine and my husbands voices. Tells me the weather in whatever area I ask for and plays whatever genre or era I ask for.  Absolutely love her. It was a present from my grandson and granddaughter for Christmas....highly recommended...


  Alexa was bought for my husband's birthday. It's been an excellent purchase. We access music from the vast library on Amazon which is so convenient as well as having excellent sound quality. You can play quizzes, gain info, she's super polite and rather humorous in some of her replies! Definitely recommend Alexa


  i must say this device has made me lazy, no need to get out of the chair, just tell Alexia what you need.Of course, you need the necessary subscriptions for Amazon Music and Spotify and Audible books.The sound is first-rate for a small device like this. Takes up no room at all. A great buy.


  We are an Alexa home! Used to enable music in all rooms upstairs & down, can be used individually or as a group. Easy set up lovely rich sound. Have also bought as presents for granddaughters who love theirs. Full price is ok, but often on offer they are very good value.


  I bought 2 of these, 1 for each floor, and they've been brilliant. I've linked them up alongside some smart plugs and bulbs and so far they've all worked well together with it being easy to use. The sound quality is also quite good and I love the option to create routines. I love waking up and being able to say good morning and have my lights turn on and music start automatically. Am looking forward to adding to my smart network and using alexa to make life easier.


  I decided to buy the dot after it had been reduced by 50% but had been teetering between this and the normal echo - the thing that had concerned me was the negative reviews towards the dot's sound quality. I was a bit dubious but went for the dot because of the price difference and I am very glad I did. The sound quality is no where near what people are saying ! It's VERY loud and very crisp! Sure, it doesn't have a massive sub woofer or anything but its absolutely ideal for what I wanted it for, a little speaker in the living room.It picks up voices from the next room, it's a clever little piece of kit and I am very impressed.


  I now have 3 alexas and love them especially for music. I’m still not using them enough but getting prompts through Amazon - my only issue is pairing them and sometimes it loses WiFi connection but generally I’m very happy with the system


  I got it in a deal with a smart heating thermostat. The dot is very easy to install as Alexa takes you through the whole process. Apart from the normal stuff it is great being able to turn off upstairs lights that have been left on. Great bit of kit if you have teenagers!


  Bought this as we have had an echo dot for nearly 2 years and I wanted one to put in another room. I couldn't believe how much louder this is than the earlier versions. I love these, and having them in multiple rooms it's so easy to say announcement then get my partner to bring me a brew ha ha.


  I love the fact that I don’t clutter my property with zillions of cds, Alexa holds it all. She never gets tired or bothered when I change my mind on what to listen to. Always welcomed with a bright and breezy voice. Can set alarm calls once or only week days. Free’s up my iPad. Certainly recommend this product


  This is my first time purchasing An Alexa Ecjo Dot 3rd Generation, And I only purchased this because I was sent a link that I could buy this for 99p! Thats right 99pence.. and I had to subscribe to Amazon music, but after I purchased it I just cancelled the subscription, Very happy with it, my 9yr old son has took it from my kitchen into his room lol 


  After buying my sister one for her birthday, I decided it was high time I treated myself and I'm so glad I did.The sound quality for a small device is pretty impressive.  We do have to shout at Alexa sometimes, as I think she's in a world of her own, lol, but I'd definitely recommend to anyone.


  Took a while to set up (mainly because I’m slow with all this smart home stuff) after having her sing alongside Ed Sheeran & have my whole family laughing I can say it’s like having a mini person to converse with plays music from my apple playlists and controls my lights what’s perfect for when I feel lazy 


  Love this product. Does so much more than you can imagine. Neat , small but big impact. It is the way forward with technology. Adults & kids can use it so easily. Arrived in time for Xmas. Would not be without it. Combined with smart plugs to turn lights on/off using voice or mobile to switch on the Xmas tree lights & a coffee machine was great. Endless possibilites, lots of fun games & skills. Helps with the grandkids too, spelling homework, stories, fun games & music.


  Over the moon with my dot!It’s my first experience with Alexia & I’m definitely not disappointed.I use this as my main music source in my small salon and it’s fab!My kids love asking her questions too.Would highly recommend!


  Really useful piece of kit. Not used it to it's full potential, but I will in time. Had some fun with asking it dodgy questions too ;-)OK, I like it so much I have now bought a 2nd one for downstairs and the separate battery charger; definitely recommend


  This present was bought as a gift for my 10 year old, that awkward age of not knowing what to buy...best...gift....ever!! Alexa plays kids games, tells bedtime stories, can answer most curious questions, sets bedtime/wake up alarms and so much more. As a family we now have two echo dots and sending funny audio messages to each other from room to room never gets old. My daughter mainly uses the echo dot for spelling and homework questions, playing music -which the sound quality is really great for, asking ridiculous questions, and having conversations and laughing  in ‘whisper mode’ when she is supposed to be asleep!! We love Alexa :)


  Nothing to dislike about this new Echo Dot. I had it working in no time at all because it was so easy to set up. A big bonus is the terrific sound from the speaker. Considering that the Dot is so small the sound quality is terrific. Been thinking about having one of these for some time. Glad I eventually decided to have one - so pleased and absolutely no regrets.


  Absolutely brilliant. Picked up multiple in the sales to replace my old airport express devices, so they are plugged into existing amps and speakers around the house. Amazon music updates and Multi-Room groups make this now a perfect and very cost effective whole house music solution. All the other skills, radio, news and communications are just a bonus!


  I'm slowly integrating all my smart plugs and gadgets into control by Alexa,  Clearly not a simple task, but by no means a hard one.  It's has done everything I've asked it to do so far.  Sound quality is perfectly good for daytime listening to music streams too.


  I didn't think I'd like having an 'Alexa' device in my house after hearing stories of older Echo devices doing weird things when not being used, but this one is brilliant. Easy to access, clear instructions given, and the app is easy to use.The speaker is really good for a little device. I like it.


  I bought this for my 10yr 0ld, as he is the person who uses my Echo Dot the most. I got him this with some lightbulbs, and he loves asking Alexa to switch the light on / off. He also use Alexa a lot for playing music. He is very pleased with his Christmas present.


  Took a while to set it up,it couldn’t find my internet, tried and tried ,eventually it found it ,I have only set it to somethings ,not all at the moment, the sound is very good for a small object, very good value for money ,I may buy another to go in other room ,


  My son bought me this to replace my old radio in the bedroom. For something so small it gives out a great sound quality.Love that I can wake up and not have to get out of bed to turn on the radio. I know there are many more features I can use but have not got around to it yet. As a more senior lady I love the fact that I will not have to be looking up instructions any more. Just ask ALEXA !!


  I wasn’t convince we would really use The Echo Dot, however we use it everyday and play music through it in our kitchen whilst cooking. Alexa can be very helpful when you’ve got your hands full and are wanting to hear the latest news or the weather. I’m sure that’s lots more we can utilise her for over time.


  Works great, sound quality is limited but not that bad for it's size.  Need to have amazon music to take full advantage.  Can be used as speaker for Fire TV stick.  Have to be a bit careful what I ask for when requesting TV and film searches.  Can list only thinks available with prime.  Easy to setup.


  I love it hubby bought it for me for Xmas. I have it in my makeup area so I can play music when I’m getting ready I was always checking my phone for the time now I just ask Alexa it’s one of those things I didn’t know I needed now I wouldn’t want to be without it


  I love my echo! Makes my life so much easier! Setting reminders & timers! Playing all my favourite music on the dab radio and through me Apple Music! I can drop into my mum and check on her with ease! My kids think Alexa is brilliant they are always singing with her and playing a daft games! She has replaced our television time. We interact with her and each other instead of being glued to the a box not talking to each other!


  Brilliant little speaker so much better sounding than the 2nd Gen and sounds more like the echo. If you place a 2nd gen close to this new one and play music on both you get the best all round range in sound. Some may find it a bit bassy out of the box but the range can be adjusted in the app, the dot is slightly larger than the 2nd gen and looks nicer with the fabric sides.


  I bought this as a gift for my mother. I've ended up using it as much as she does. The Voice recognition works perfectly and the sound quality is excellent. I'm not sure how much better the bigger Echo is when it comes to sound but I was happy enough with the dot.It's worked great with listening with different music stations, the app was useful with being able to put in my own Q&A's. Plus, the doggie song was such a bop. Overall the Echo went above and beyond with my expectations and has become the best radio ever!


  All that sound from a little dot It’s amazing! Voice control from other side of the room, listen to music and stories by just asking wow! Still finding out other features like playing games, using timers to alert you, listening to the news and setting it to turn off playing radio/calming sounds when going to bed. Fantastic piece of tech to have around your home you will get plenty of enjoyment using one.


  Smaller than I thought it would be but the sound quality is amazing, how can such a small device can produce such decent quality music? OK it isn’t party/room filling hi-fi but plenty good enough to replace the kitchen radio/cd player.The voice recognition works well, the timers are great and it just tucks away into a corner.Highly recommend


  Originally I was a bit hesitant to purchase an Echo Dot, but I have found it to be great for keeping track of shopping lists, reminders and for playing music. I would say 1/4 of the time it doesn't recognise what I've said or produce the result I wanted, but it's worth it for the value it adds to daily life :)


  I like especially that I can announce my coming home on Alexa to my husband with dementia. I can turn on music or a book. It's used in conjunction with a blink camera system. Very handy for when I'm at work


  I absolutely love these I have 3 now and each generation gets better. The echo dot gen 2 was good but the gen 3 looks and sounds soooo much betterAlso the multi room audio is absolutely amazing I can put them in anyroom they they will all be in sync.So I'm really pleased with my purchases thank you Amazon.


  I absolutely love  Alexa !!So I’ve brought 3 on offer at £22-00 each  to give to 3 of my friends for Christmas as when they are here having Coffee ☕️ they ask her questions and she makes them smile so they are in for a surprise of Santa.Merry Christmas 


  I like the colour of this echo dot, fits in with my colour scheme.  I haven't used many of the functions as yet but really pleased with what I have used it for so far.  I look forward to using it for more in the near future when I have a bit more time.


  I have bought three of these for three of my grandchildren.. They love them! They use them daily and have told me that they sound amazing and easily recognise their voice and commands. Set up was quick and easy to do.


  Has proved very useful in setting up a link between me and my mother in a Care Home using the Drop In facility. Not need for trying to use a mobile handset, just call as if over an intercom. Also makes it easy for her to find out the time and get radio stations.


  No dislikes, Alexa has an amazing amount of information at hand and a wide range of music available, very nice response to “good morning “ and also “good night,” and she does appreciate a compliment.!Very pleased with this and imagine it provides comfort to the lonely.


  Received as Christmas present but both my son and I could not set up. It would not connect to the Internet.Sought help from Amazon technical support. They could not set up at first but after an hour on phone we managed to set up via Amazon website on my laptop. I have to say the support was excellent and the person at the end of the phone was patient, friendly and persistent.Echo is now set up and working. I am now getting familiarised with Alexa and we are getting along fine.


  This is the second device I have bought Alexa is very useful when referencing or general subject search . However some skills need updating further as in the case of using Alexa to control the heating in my house can be hit and miss.Overall though Alexa is very useful saves. Valuable time.


  I received the Amazon Alexa as a gift although I’m not sure I would have purchased one myself. I am still getting used to her but she’s amazingly helpful. Great for different radio stations from around the world, setting timers etc etc. I am thinking of buying a smart plug to make more use of her.I would recommend.


  Love this echo dot, it’s like holding a conversation with a Hunan! Well to a point. Set reminders, to do, ask all sorts of information and play games with it. I’ve paired it with my iPhone so get reminders on my phone if I’m not in the room when it’s due to remind me. For the price it’s great


  Alexa has made my life easier in the morning as it tells me the traffic on my route, and the weather. It is also used as my alarm and due to its high volumes it sure gets me up! It’s great to track the time of my cooking and of course the integration with prime music is a good touch to replace my radio


  Very enjoyable playing with this and setting it up to work with different things like a fire stick and xbox. Does get a bit confused of you use different smart plugs but works great once setup. Just brought a second one for the pent house(attic bedroom) so very easy to talk to top floor. Ie no more shouting in the house.


  I have discovered that Alexa has an attitude problem lol often tell it off as it doesn't always give you the right answers but to be honest this makes it a hilarious item to have.use it for shopping lists,reminders and calls. Music is great on it.Get yourself one or three lol.


  I was so lucky to receive as a birthday gift from my sister.I can't think of any cons with it, the sound is great quality for such a small speaker, I love the fact that I can ask for such a wide variety of music as well as asking trivia questions, the weather, sports scores etcOnly had a few weeks so still finding out new things but it is brilliant.


  I was introduced to Alexa by my daughter and was most impressed by the large range of subjects it coversI now use it every day for both radio stations and the wide range of music available . Very pleased.


  This is great for playing music on. Bought it for my son bedroom as he is special needs, trying to encourage him to speak more by asking for the music he likes to be played. The sound is great on this and most times understand what you ask. Would recommend this.


  UODATE 28TH September..........We bought my father in law one of these yesterday and set it up for him. It sounded amazing, came back and played ours and ours sounds very distorted in comparison,  no longer a happy bunny !Loving these. I now have one downstairs and one upstairs . My only issue with multiple echo dots is you need to upgrade your unlimited music membership as 1 membership doesn't cover 2 echo dots .


  Very very good sound quality, amazed at the sound from such a small item, still getting used to Alexa, trying not to say please every time we ask for something!!!  glad we have this device, it was a present and a welcomed one.  Ask Alexa virtually anything and she will find out for you!!


  I've recently been diagnosed with an illness which effects my memory and gives me brain fog.Alexa has given me back some confidence.From setting alarms so I dont miss work,timers and reminders so I don't burn my dinner and creating my weekly shopping list so I'm not stuck standing in the shop trying to remember what I need.I don't feel as disabled anymore and don't feel as embarrassed.


  Already had an Echo, found it more useful / fun than I first thought. Got a set of light bulbs and had setup a few routines, but got a little bit fed up with shouting down the stairs so decided to put the Echo dot on the landing. Very pleased with the latest addition, good sound quality for the compact size.


  Present for father.  Recognises accents well. Ask it to set reminder for anything ie reminder for taking tablets, which is easier than setting an alarm.  Like having a speaking encyclopedia in the house  but which also plays music, can sync via phone, games such as true or false, trivia etc. Very useful and I am really impressed with it.


  Finally decided to join the wagon and get an Alexa device. Planning to build a smart house platform based on Alexa. So the echo dot was the first step.Really like the dot. Sounds good, looks good. I was a bit worried it wouldn’t recognise my English as I have an accent but it is working fine.Still getting used to it but I have to say it is very easy to set up and use.Looking forward to expand the family and link up more devices soon and thinking to add another dot to list too


  The product exceeded my expectations, i am amazed at the technology and the sound quality is remarkable for the speaker size. However, i have still not got Alexa to successfully control my smart plug. I can work my way through the set up eventually and get the plug to respond to Alexa but after a short while it stops working.


  I bought this as a birthday present for my other half and it was very well received. I found setting it up a cinch after installing Alexa on my iPhone and connecting it to our Sonos speakers. It's already being used regularly for turning music and radio on & off, setting alarms and listening to the news. We live in a 3-storey house - so I want to install one on each floor 


  We bought two units for our tweens rooms and they love them. We bought them in the deal with the sockets and they have their lights on command through these, plus they have Alexa waking them up, reminding them about homework and playing music whilst they get dressed. I love that I can call them down to dinner through our main Echo unit, and tell them to get a move on on the morning without shouting up the stairs! Alexa has helped with getting them out of bed and putting them to sleep ‘ Alexa, play sleepy music’ - having the echo dots in their rooms has been like having an extra pair of hands.


  We were bought our Echo Dot for Christmas. We weren’t quite sure if we would use it enough as we’re in our sixties but we now love Alexa!!!!!  She’s pretty amazing!!! Lol. We love asking her questions, to play music, etc. Easy to connect via the app.


  So awesome I bought another one within a week don't know how I ever lived without it/her.Love the integration with the Phillips Hue bulbs.Can't wait to get a Firestick so I can control my TV content with it.Beautiful design too unobtrusive.


  Bought at a good price in Amazon music promotion.Comparing it to my gen 2 one the sound is definately  better though was crackly at first just asked Alexa to turn down the bass and crackling disappeared.Looks better than gen 2 as well.Just want a white battery base now to match it .Had a black one for my Gen 2 one.


  We haven’t had the Echo Dot long & are still trying out all the programs on offer!  The music channel is very good and asking Alexa who sang a certain song or which group played a song is brilliant!  I’ve also composed a shopping list! So far very pleased with the echo dot


  Love Alexa although it was difficult to set up - gave up myself and son did it though not as easy as he thought it would be either.  But now it is great, limited amount of classical music on the free list but good to be able to tell it to play whatever you are in the mood for.


  I love it. I just love it. I never wanted one of these due to privacy and security issues but since Apple can’t do a good one I bought this. I don’t regret it one bit. It’s an awesome piece of kit and can do so much. It’s sounds great in a relatively regular kitchen.  Great for parties. I think we use it everyday.


  Amazing compact speakerUsed in my kitchen great volume and voice recognition.Love the fact it has a great range of music and can sync with my calendar and report the news and many other things.Would definitely buy again.


  What a great piece of kit this is, it does all sorts of things from a simple voice command, from playing the radio to playing games, telling the weather, spellchecker all sorts. I bought this for my husband and he has never stopped raving about it. "Boy's Toy's" it may be but very useful as well, Would he recommend it yes he would. Brilliant.


  I bought one as an early Christmas Present to myself on Black Friday and then bought a second one in Christmas Sales. Love having Alexa around - she wakes me up in the morning with an interesting fact and the weather, controls my lights and heaters and tells me jokes when I ask her. I can listen to the same music track all through the house now as I have two dots.


  Love it and works perfectly i like the fact you can do a shopping list on the alexa app and you just tell alexa to add to the shopping list so you will never forgot your list again if your forgetful like i am its great for reminders so you will never miss that important date ie anniversary doctors or hospital appointments again


  Sad to say, I confess that really I’m too for this; although I do use it, I know I don’t get the full use of it that I should.  Maybe, as times go on, we will become more comfortable with each other, and I will get to know more about her!  (I know, she’s not human!).


  I do like the product i only use the basics at the moment. I do have amazon prime and thought i would have full access to music but it looks like i have to subscribe to something else. But its early days.


  Received this as a Christmas present from our Daughter and Son-in-Law - at first a little dubious about its usefulness but after playing around with it for a few days, my wife and I love it! The sound is good quality but lacking in volume so I’ve bought a Bluetooth speaker which paired easily. Great for listening to radio and internet radio stations - recommended!


  The Echo dot is amazing, I was surprised by the quality of the sound  when playing music, I put my favourite radio station on in the morning. Ask what the weather is ,and Alexa will answer with what it 's going to be like for the day where you live and go back to the music.I love it that much I bought another one.


  The echo dot is great. Easy to set up and use. My 6yr Old has already got to grips with it. I came downstairs and Alexa was playing the soundtrack from Aladdin for him!! Love storing my shopping list, getting appointment reminders and listening to the radio!! Also love the fact that it links to my Apple Music account!!


  It’s brilliant, I can’t recommend it enough. The sound is fantastic. The only negative is to access all the music, you have to join amazon music for £3.99 a month, for £1 a week u get a vast range of music.  Also any radio channels, It’s an amazing piece of equipment


  I received This for £0.99  as part of an offer for signing up to Amazon music. All I can say is where has this been all my life. I've connected my Gmail account so can have my emails read to me without having to open my phone, I can call and message people with or with out Alexa devices. I'm able to find date, time etc just by asking, play games, find recipe's and information just by asking. I'm now planning on buying smart plugs, bulb's etc to work alongside it


  This is an astoundingly good gadget and I am enjoying it immensely. I have given it a sound testing regarding obscure music and it has played almost all of it. The only request it didn't seem to understand was the album title Aoxomoxoa by the Grateful Dead.


  I obtained this gadget to replace a CD player and a huge collection. I can now ask Alexa to play whatever I want to hear and have more space in my lounge. I realise it can do more for me and I am gradually exploring that but music was the main reason to buy.


  This version of the Echo Dot is a cut above the earlier ones. The sound quality is great and it seems more responsive. I do however hope that it lasts longer than my earlier version which has now packed up after just 14 months.  Not good!  But this one certainly is much sturdier and looks good.


  I'd heard the early Dots weren't so hot in terms of sound quality, but this is excellent.  Great bass and amazing volume for such a small speaker.  Set up is simplicity itself, I didn't even need the Alexa app - I just plugged it in and it got on with setting itself up!Highly recommended.


  As an oldie, I needed something to remind me of up-coming appointments.  Alexa is very useful, however, I have not been able to connect it to my calendar as yet, need the young ones to do that for me.  The fish are happy that she reminds me to feed them in the afternoon as when I am busy it is easy to forget.


  this was an upgrade from the first alexa that was released and i was not disappointed the song quality was better but i moved the old echo dot and hard wired bose companion speakers omg this is now in the conservatory and alexa 3rd gen is in the kitchen all alexia's on the everywhere group the sound is great as you walk about not loud but enjoyable when friends come to visit just ask alexa to play anything you choose on the every group


  This is our 5th Echo device and we love it. The smart design of this latest model makes it fit nicely in any room.  This one is in the kitchen and is great for multiple timers/alarms, streaming music, controlling Smart Home devices like lights and heating, converting quantities and temps while cooking, providing recipe ideas and much more.


  I bought this for my son as a Christmas present and it didnt disappoint. He loves it and it has expanded his knowledge massively for history and science. He is 7 and he asks it numerous questions about subjects he is interested in and usually gets a good answer. I love the fact you can control the personal settings such as explicit filter and see what questions they have asked Alexa which helps to to gauge his knowledge on subjects. We use the children bedtime songs daily and he can listen to Spotify songs when in his bedroom


  Our family love having Alexa in our home... we use her for weather reports , time , random questions but mostly to listen to music ....... our biggest gripe is that when we ask Alexa to play full albums she is unable to play 1st ( debut ) albums by Led Zeppelin...untitledThe Animals 1st album ...untitled.... Wishbone Ash.... untitled.....The Firm.....untitledand .....Black Sabbath.....untitled..... No matter how we word the question she just can't deliver the goods.We would be very grateful if you could help us out .


  I have many Echo's in use but this little beast is my personal 'working away' device.  Had issues connecting it to dirty Wifi's like BT and 02 due to the pop up screens on these providers so that could be a fix on the app so that you can see the pop ups for login.  However I now tether with my mobile phone so all working.


  Works great, exactly as I’d expected. Love the colour (sandstone), I was worried it would be too pale. Clear sound, goes quite loud. Easy to set up, easy to use.Only negative, you can’t link other devices without having to log in and out of Amazon accounts. This means that if a family member wants to send music to it, they would have to reset the device and start up a new user. With Google home, any device can cast to it, like a Bluetooth speaker


  I had been thinking about buying Alexa for some time and when I saw it on offer at £29.99 decided to order it. It was easy to set up and is a lot of fun as well as very useful. It does a lot more than I realised. Would definitely recommend.


  Lovely unusual colour, I’d say it’s purple although my daughter says pink but definitely it’s more lilac.The sound is brilliant for such a tiny object. We get sound from downstairs to upstairs really well


  Purchased as an addition to my first Alexa which was in my bedroom. New one was installed in the kitchen. This means that when i am doing housework upstairs and downstairs i can have music playing while i work. Lovely sound on the device and easy to control with voice. Have yet to try some of the 'Ask Alexa' things but will no doubt soon be taught how to by my grandchildren.


  I love my Alexa especially for the music. I get any pice of music on demand  or any other request I need. It would make a wonderful gift,  especially for people living alone! It will even provide menu's!


  Really excellent with an Amazon unlimited music subscription, I bought another Echo Dot a few weeks after buying the first one. Excellent sound quality and interacting with Alexa can be funny!My only disappointment is that you can't use the Amazon unlimited on more than one Echo Dot at the same time.


  It's great but the sound has too much bass, and I don't like bass. It seems to have very little use unless you invest in associated technology.  I don't want to.  Really it's no better than an egg timer.


  Bought by my son for Christmas .I'm still learning what she  will do . A perfect lady . Never argues or shouts at me . Always very polite & patient .If only all wives were like that !!Ask a young teenager & they will give you more information .


  Managed to get it connect to my other Alexa but it won’t play amazon music on both but will play Spotify I think you have to pay more to get it play anything which I think isn’t fair as it’s just like a speaker connected to each other


  I never really saw the point if owning one of these but my wife bought me 2for Christmas i have one in the bedroom and one in the kitchen. I have since bought an Echo view 8 for the living room and thinking of an echo view 5 for the bedroom as you can link them to Ring doorbell


  Do we need a review? Sound is great, basically the cheapes digital radio with music integration you can buy.  Not sure what else I would use it for. Oh, subscribe to Amazon music prime or Spotify to get full functionality.  Got a few of these dotted around the house.  They make a good intercom system and work wonders to speak to my kids when I'm away from home.


  No problems. The Echo Dot needs no introduction,and speaks for it's self, (pun intended),up and running in no time at all.Very happy with it,but if I did have a beef ,it would be ,the fact that I had bought the previous edition1generation stands ,which do not fit  3rd generation speakers,plus I found out that generation I,is not compatable with Virgin Media. Any ideas as to why?'  J. Payge


  I’ve hardly started making full use of my Echo but used different brand smart bulbs which all integrated easily with the Alexa Smart app. Voice recognition is spot on and music sound quality really good. I look forward to learning more about my new Christmas pressie


  I love the Echo Dot with Alexa as it's so clever, it's not just a smart speaker, there's some Easter Eggs hidden for example if you say " Alexa, who let the dogs out?" You get the reply " I didn't see but they seem to enjoy it" which is very funny and I'm so glad I bought it as I can listen to the radio stations Absolute Classic Rock and Classic FM also the sound quality is amazing for something so small, Thank you Amazon


  Purchased due to it being £8. Compared to my echo plus there is a distinct difference in sound quality, however I'm not overly bothered as it adds much needed  functionality to our home in creating zones that one can go an listen to own device. Great for settling children, cooking and eating tea and having friend over.


  Great little speaker, have it in my kitchen, perfect sound. Also WiFi signal not great in the kitchen it works week in spite of this ( it sure it needs it as it’s via the phone!) it can do loads like link my Apple Music for playlists and such to play via it (not sussed it quits out yet) really good need one for my bedroom now!!


  Its my Dad's new friend, when he remembers to call out Alexa! He loves the sound and it's now his preferred listening device. He's also impressed with other things it can do - which his grandchildren have fun exploring with him.


  Alexa is Brilliant, she updates me what’s what’s in the news and also says good morning and also tells me what happened on this day. I link Alexa to my Ring video calls and she let me know by Announcing to me  when someone is at the door. She’s also read my son a bedtime story and also a song to make him sleep.


  I love my Echo dot (I’ve already ordered another). Makes jobs I used to do on my smartphone so much easier, like setting alarms, reminders & timers. I’ve also added a couple of smart plugs to control lamps around the house and they work seamlessly. Overall I’m very pleased with this device and will now be looking to expand my Alexa & Smart Home family.


  Have three dots and one echo.  Sound quality on dot is very good.  Have set them up so I can have my music play all over the house and not miss a thing.The battery I purchased is an added bonus as I can listen in the garden too.Still learning different things to do.  Would recommend.


  Tested this out at a friend’s house after they got it for Xmas, the kids love it and it’s very handy and compact to listen to music, set reminders and get everyone laughing by asking Alexa to play funny jokes or music. Even better on the half price deal love it!


  Bought as a gift for my elderly, hard of hearing father. He is delighted with its sound quality and volume and ease of use. Great product and value for money. I would definitely recommend and buy again.


  Wasn’t too keen about it at first (Christmas present from my son) but getting used to it now and like it very much, we have plugs and lights connected to it, it’s lovely telling a female in my house and it’s done without any problems. 


  Bought as Christmas gifts for my son and partner. Both love them so far. Easy to set up and use, just need to remember to go through the app to add skills to access some things and turn on some actions. Love the announcement feature that you can action via the speaker or the app, great for getting kids attention!


  This is an excellent product for the price. We spent £200 on a Sanos which does provide good sound but the app is difficult and the voice recognition is not great compared to the Dot. For the price it’s amazing. Think I will buy one for every room in the house .


  Love this piece of kit it needs access to alot more information from the net in my opinion but what it does know is very good ..good interaction with apps and lighting and heating love how you can just ask for the light to go on and play your amazon music or switch on your central heating..love it..


  Love it for putting radio on. No hands. No aerial to position. Voice commands only required. Paid £20 black Friday offer ... bargain. Also bought one plug. Can turn light on and off from phone app too. You do need Amazon music for it to play music and to download some apps for more functionality. But very pleased . Sets a timer / reminder / weather/ quizzes/ reads the news.  You do have to be very specific with requests but you soon learn.


  Amazing product, saves me loads of time searching stuff on my phone, I just have to ask!


  Acquired the echo Dot so that it would integrate with our Fire TV, which it does.  Alexa has also been useful just to use without the TV.  I've only to ask her to play any type of music or any sensible questions and she magically obliges.  Alexa is so clever!


  Works perfectly with compatible devices. Don't ask her "stupid" questions. Put her in one of those Socket Wall Mount Hangers to hide the wire and make her easily portable. Music reproduction is not first class but it is OK.


  My sister bought this for me as a birthday present and I absolutely love it! Can't get enough of it! Brilliant sound for music, gives me BBC news and sky news updates, turns my front room light on and off using the bulb that comes with it. Amazing piece of technology.


  Like particularly the timer it’s like having a helpful friend, haven’t burnt a meal or cake since Alexa arrived. Shopping lists are easy too, I used to write one and forget it now Alexa comes with me. Music is good and reasonable and always my choice!


  Nice piece of kit to have around with organising daily tasks such as reminders, lists, book reading, music playing and providing instant access to information you would usually search for on your browser. I'll be getting another one to have voice accesss to other parts of the house.


  I absolutely love Alexa, we are a very busy house of 6 with alexa I can set reminders and she can add to my shopping list or any lists I ask her to make, the voice recognition is brilliant it picks up all of our voices without any issues at all. The children play games and alexa interacts with them. Honestly i have only just touched on what alexa is able to do and already the house and life is running smoother and the kids are enjoying the quizzes. All round more organised.


  Bought 6 of these as family gifts- boys and girls aged from 12-19. LOVED, LOVED, LOVED BY them all. Unisex black and white received by each with no bother. Great product, great sound as a speaker, space saving. Suits anywhere Uni, kitchen, bedroom. DEFINITELY RECOMMEND


  This is a great little addition to my house tech. I can use it to listen to my Amazon music or my Audible app when ironing.Also it is really up to date with the weather more so than my phone. Very happy with it.


  Ab Fab! You need the Alexa app on your phone (ideally) and/or tablet. Plug in your Echo, rename it as something unique and that's it.Note: Some accessories wont recognise a Kindle Fire, so definitely have the app on your phone. I have it on both


  Love this. Great for music.its now my alarm clock my calendar my shopping listMy timer.my audible book reader. Helps me to sleep playing different sounds.plays quizzes.even has a sense of humourEven very sceptible husband is impressed with the sound quality and plays the blues.still haven't tried everything yet but I have another one coming tomorrow


  It seems there are no bounds to where I.T. will go! As OAP's it has been great fun finding out about Alexa and what it can do. Spent a wonderful TV free evening with it playing songs from Prime Music that we selected. Brilliant sound as well. Just love it.


  It's brilliant for those moments that you need to know something, or can't remember something.  You can listen to music, ask her to play a quiz or give you the weather forecast.  I'm sure we haven't found all of her capabilities yet, but it's fun finding out!


  Very impressed so far - kept by the side of the bed, used as an alarm, radio in the morning, music while I’m pottering about. Great for quick weather reports and checking train times. EDITED to note I've now got 4 throughout the house and have bought one for an older relative - who loves it.


  It was a Christmas gift, so handy, I can ask questions and get answers right away instead of having to look them up. Also handy as my husband and I are elderly so we could get help if we need it right away.  Still have to use it for many other things yet.


  I never thought I would purchase one of these Alexa items, but when the fabulous offer of £22 came along I decided to give it t try. Well, my wife and I have had so much fun using this, I should have bought one earlier. At our Apartment complex yesterday we had our Christmas lunch and all the residents loved the Echo Dot and all were asking for their favourite songs, which were duly delivered. A great buy!


  It’s only been a few weeks, but I can’t remember life without her assistance. Who am I referring to you may ask? Why Alexa of course, on a more practical level, the echo dot is a quality piece of kit, a bargain when purchased during sales, worth every penny!


  Awesome! Great sound (loud and clear) for such a small device. I use it every day for music and updates of sport, weather and much more!I recommend you pay the £4 for Amazon music to listen to up to date songs and also reccomend you buying the bovon dot holder too (as pictured)


  A brilliant product. I now have 3 set up and another 3 waiting to be set up. They do exactly as described with very minimal issues. Easy to set up and use.Only issue I have is when asking it to turn on the bedroom Heater it believes I'm saying Bedroom Pizza.


  I have bought 2 of these, they are brilliant. Alexa is great at spelling words. Couldn’t be bothered with the radio before but do now. I can see these keeping people living on their  own company and bringing a smile when Alexa tells jokes. So easy to set up and plays plenty of music without subscribing to anything. Highly recommend to people of all ages.


  Bought this to act as a radio and Spotify source for my amplifier and speakers and it works just fine. Sound quality played through my amp (via bluetooth) is perfectly acceptable and Alexa listens to me, just need to get my wife and kids to do the same.I have little interest in the other features of Alexa so haven't played with them.


  I purchased the original Alexa, this time round, the overall look, quality, volume is outstanding.After taking advantage of the 50% offering, I purchased one for daughters room and another for livingroom.I will be replacing the original Alexa dot which is in the kitchen.I have set it up to play on all speakers with Apple and Amazon music.Connects wifi, can control using Alexa App to.Delighted with purchase. Well done Amazon 


  Absolutely love it!....best Christmas gift I had! Sound is fab!, voice recognition great too. I’m a 50 year old female and it beats the hell out of having to play cds etc. So easy too. I’m finding I’m playing music so much more which is good for the soul. Fantastic!!


  I LOVE my Alexa, helps me with day to day life brilliant speakers that are very loud even though it’s not the big one. Brilliant interaction with things like the daily quiz and waking me up with the weather. Honestly can’t fault it. Amazing for the price and my bedroom wouldn’t be the same without.


  Love it so much I bought a second! So handy to have when cooking or bathing the kids or when you need hands free. Super easy to use. Good skills you can learn. Only thing that is not so perfect is my Alexa doesn’t always listen to/answer me but does my partner. Possibly because I am quietly spoken but sometime I find myself yelling at it just so it picks me up and answers me!


  At present I am only using it for music and the odd weather forecast but it a device my son brought for me as he forget I still have the first generation echo which I also generally just use for music as it sits beside my computer. I now use the new unit downstairs as I find it has a much better speaker than my stereo and if I don't like what is playing, track or radio station I just ask for next track or station. downside is it's making me idle just asking for what I need.


  I've been on the fence about getting one for ages but so glad I did it at last. So easy to set up, sound quality for such a wee thing is amazing and so easy to use.Just don't ask Alexa to tell you a joke. Her gags are awful!!! ‍♀️


  OMG Why have I not bought one of these before?  I absolutely love this!!  So much so I bought one for my daughter and son in law also.  Its easy to use - the sound is great!  I just love it - cant fault it at all - thank you Amazon!


  Having this i find makes things easy.  Great little thing.  Suggestion to manufac turer would be that I tend to take it from room to room when I know I am going to use it from it's original location - maybe they can come up with a portable version (this requires to be pluged using a cable). - Definitely not a negative comment, just a suggestion.


  Bought one a week ago for my Son's bedroom, I loved it so much I had to have one too. Got it in white and plum speaker as this goes well in my open plan living area. The sound is great, I have quite a large space for the sound to fill, but it does at ease. So happy, highly recommended.


  This is not my first echo dot but they all work well and now communicate with each other (after a little setting up in the Amazon Alexa app) meaning you can ask it to play the music off your phone in another room as long as there is an echo dot there. We use it a lot to control some of the lights and plugs in the house and have set up commands such as ‘goodnight’ to switch all non essential lights and plugs off. It’s a really useful tool as long as you are aware it’s always listening so be careful what you say around it. This doesn’t bother me too much but for those of you in MI5 it might not be for you.


  Having been jealous of my housemates Echo Dot, I purchased this quite impulsively for my bedroom. I own a Sonos for the main room but wanted a little speaker to be able to listen to the radio in the morning. The set up was incredibly quick and straight forward once you download the Alexa app. For such a small device, the sound quality is amazing! And once you amend some of the bass settings it sounded almost on-par with my Sonos. Incredibly impressed. Not sure it’s ideal for your main room or an open-plan kitchen but it certainly works for smaller rooms.


  My family love the Alexa Dot 3rd gen. The kiddies are asking her question and learning  a lot.It's also a lot of fun  as well as very informative.  I have two, one upstairs  and one downstairs so I can speak to my daughter through the intercom. We also have the Amazon music subscription.  All in all  it's brilliant.


  Liked the Dot 3 tremendously. No dislikes so far and don’t envisage having any. Lots of features left to try out. Only one disappointment, I think Amazon could provide a user guide and tips book free of charge with every Alexa unit as it will probably result in sales of additional add on items.


  I like to use it to listen to BBC radio and to answer simple questions such as weather and news  Disappointed that because I am not Prime User I can't upload my music to play through it. Also useless for answering non basic  questions.


  We have been pleased with the responses we have received although we think the interpretation of music types is a little difference to our own. We wish there was more ‘local’ and historic music from regions.  ie Jacque and birdie from Liverpool - wonderful folk musicians from Liverpool.


  Yes this is a fab up to date addition to any home, my little granddaughter loves playing with her and u quite like requesting whatever music I like while walking around doing chores. Highly recommend.


  Got this as a xmas present as I probably wouldn't have bought myself one. Now I have it I love it. Voice recognition is great and sound quality considering its unobtrusive size is very good. Alexa now switches on my smart thermostat. A cracking smart gadget.


  I love my Alexia I have two dots and a large one as well. They control the lights in the hall, and the bedroom plus for a small monthly fee we’ve got Amazon music as well.I love our Alexia’s and would not be without it, there is so much she can do reminds me of appointments, alarm clock for picking up the grandchildren. She’s also a mind of information, by the way I’m aware she’s a computer I’m getting on in years and I would recommend Alexia to any body as she can be set up to assist you with any thing and jog your memory when needed.


  My second Alexa, works great, now I finally got it working! Problems with Alexa servers for hours. Next day it worked fine, great sound from this 3rd generation Dot. Amazon need to work on communication in letting you know when servers are down as I tried dozens of times to get it working. It would answer one question then fail to understand with red ring of led


  Update I bought another oneSo I finally received my new echo dot and I love it! This is my first tech purchase (Apple lover) and I am throughly impressed. The fact it actually picks up my voice all the way down stairs from my bed room is wonderful! There is so much more to explore here and I only had it two days! All in all... if your thinking of buying... buy it! As it is worth it for the price it is now!!!


  My Echo Dot was a free gift with another purchase, and not something I would have thought to purchase,  but how wrong was I.I love the way it integrates with other smart equipment I own, and I don’t have to repeat myself when talking to Alexa (unlike talking to my husband)


  I love how simple it is to setup and use. My voice remote for my 4K Firestick broke so had been using the Fire TV app but now i use my Amazon Echo Dot(3rd Gen) to do this. It still learning to recognize my voice especially when others in the room are talking,  it may take a few tries before Alexa hears me. Will wait until i used it for a month or more before  giving more of a detailed review. But so far i like it.


  This Amazon Echo Dot is fantastic, its compact and so easy to use. We wake to it, go to sleep listening to soft music and play all kinds of different music with the help of Alexa.Would thoroughly recommend this.


  Excellent product and really glad we finally bought one of these. It was very easy to set up, very easy to sync to your voice, good sound quality and compact. It can do so many things and gives you tips on things you can create or play with.


  Used mainly for access to music and alarm calls Avery usefull piece of kit am also finding new things that Alexa does am I now entering the age of the machines thank you Amazon for a welcome piece of kit


  We got our Echo Dot for Christmas and for the first two days just sat and looked at the box. We are in our 70’s and 80’s so not very technical.......BUT.......when I finally opened the box and looked at the instructions it was easy peasy.Very easy to follow set up instructions. We have had some fun since Alexa moved in.


  For the size of the echo dot I was very impressed with the quality of sound. It recognises voices most of the time but like all things electronic when you want it to work it’s a tad stubborn. Apart from that it’s great & id definitely consider another. I do love it’s big brother though...


  And she managed to set it up for herself. Amazing. She loves getting any song she wants to hear played back and being able to check on the local weather and ask Alexa all those questions that she used to ask me. I love it too! And for the 50% discounted price on Prime day what a bargain.


  My husband always said not to bother with such nonsense, but I purchased in in the Black Friday sale. So glad I did, I can carry on with what I’m doing and give commands to Alexa. Even my husband says it’s brilliant, so ordered the one with the clock and show 8, which we still waiting for


  Very close friends decided this would be a really great gift for me and my other half: and they were right! The Echo Dot is small enough to pack easily and allows us to take our music and radio programmes with us wherever we go :-). We opted for the single device plan.


  Very easy to use product full stop the initial installation can be in Ilford Lee once you have set up and running it's very good very intuitive quite like it full stop it will take some time getting used to and I think they'll be some good benefits using this.


  I bought this for my wife who has MS, she absolutely loves it especially being able now to make phone calls, most days with MS she couldn’t hold a phone , now she can make calls ask questions, change radio stations the list goes on and on, it’s an amazing bit of technology, 100% recommend it .


  Was bought as a gift, now have 3 "dotted" around the house.2 are in a group downstairs so have music played to them both simultaneously.Mainly used for music, kids love asking Alexa to do things too.Great little biy, very pleased


  Bought for my 2 older kids for Xmas (aged 14 & 11)Find it amusing when you can use the app and change songs when they're mid sing-song.... Also waking them up to the Russian national anthem is another perk!Downside is hearing your 11 year old constantly shouting "ALEXA.....ALEXA.....ALEXA"Also the new fart add on is hilarious


  Really pleased to set up another new echco dot 3rd gen to another one of the same. Fantastic stereo sound effect.The speaker sound quality is lifted by the stereo effect.Now I want to buy more dots & pair up for stereo effect in every room. A fantastic improvement to the sound and dynamic.


  We love the 3rd generation Echo dot.  The problems of dropouts on the 1st and 2nd generations seem to have been overcome, so far so good.  One day we were puzzling over when a particular celebrity had passed away, and our elderly mother of 90 said "Ask that lady in the corner", you can imagine how we cracked up at that!!!


  I bought 2 Alexa 3rd gen, I loved mine and my father in law loved it evan more. It made a perfect present for him and he uses it daily. I have mine in the kitchen so I can use as a speaker to play songs whilst cooking. Looking forward to buying the Alexa with built in screen for video calls


  My sister inlay bought Alexa for me and my husband for Christmas, it was the best present ever, if I want to know who sang something, what the weather will be like or even something amazing that happened in history, I just ask Alexa, she even cracks a funny occasionally. Would defiantly recommend.


  Liked the simplicity of setting this up.  I bought a second one for upstairs, the two joined forces with no problem at all.Sound quality good, but a little on the 'muffly' side (could do with a little more treble).  The bass is good for the size.


  Very impressed with the sound quality from such a small item. This is our first Alexa so we are new to the process, signed up to a website that gives free hints and tips on getting the best from Alexa and don’t know who we got along without it. Can’t wait for our other unit to be delivered for down stairs.


  Great addition to my collection of Amazon Echo's, I have already 2 Echo show's , 1 original Echo, and 1 newer version of the Echo, a Echo Spot, and this little Dot, very pleased with all on them, I will also buy the latest Echo Show with the full screen, when I can afford it !! I think they are great fun, they are learning and updating all the time!


  Love it! The device and the colour. It’s beautiful. I was very sceptical about having an “Alexa” device. But after staying over at my sisters recently, and using it to play my nearly two year old son relaxing sleep music all night. I have been won over. Even if just for the ease of use & the vast amount of music you can listen to. The sound quality to me is perfectly brilliant. As I have been using the baby monitor or my phone to play music for the past two years. I should of bought one sooner! I also love how sleek and small the device is too


  Simple to set up and play music (main reason it was purchased). Need to have either an Amazon Music or Spotify Premium account... currently there’s a good Amazon Music subscription offer to cover the next few months.Smaller than I expected (no bad thing) but speaker is powerful for its size.


  Alexa Dot 3rd generation is a good all round divise. Streams music from Amazon music and can be set up to work with Spotify too. Can be a bit trickier recognising some of your playlists on spotify though.  Great for asking about weather or setting reminders. We got one with clock for bedroom too and clock dims when you turn off light at night. That's neat.


  Apart from not being able to hear the wake word when playing music (neighbours must think I am wierd as before the music stops they hear me yell "computer" 6 or 7 times louder and louder lol) it's a really good upgrade on the echo dots I have already.Sound quality is really significantly better


  This echo dot has been better than expected, I have not had any problems setting them both up or using them, the sound quality when playing music is brilliant for such small had speakers much better than much more expensive and bigger speaker's I have had. I would recommend the echo dot to anyone who wants good quality sounding music through out there home, and the benefit of an  encyclopedia on tap.


  Love the echo design, easy to useGreat voice recognition, pairs easily with other echoes we have around the house, or can be used individually in the room if neededDoesn't play too loud so is great for when you're pottering around the house or need some background noise


  Love it. Brought a second so my grandson has one. Love the lights function. Have normal one and got coloured ones fir grandson to play with. They have white function too. Brilliant sound quality. Fast reaction. Use radio alot and play an artist. Highly recommend


  Occasional glitches do not marr the brilliance of this little piece of magic. Music is really well reproduced and it works well with Hive.Use it to set reminders, make lists or do complicated maths - it is really good! We have three and we can play music across the three by grouping them.


  After an initial problem connecting the echo to the WiFi, which after several tries suddenly  Worked by the ‘set up’ suddenly announcing it would try something different (already had two echo devices connected) the echo dot works really well. Was bought to replace an ageing DAB radio in the kitchen. Does the job and so much more. It’s compact size makes it unobtrusive in the kitchen.


  i had this for a few months now and i have been very impressed with the sound quality for a little speaker it does suffer at the higher volume with base music, if you like it loud and base go for the echo, but if you like the base with out  the volume this is perfer and with in the app there is a simple getafix equaliser


  What a difference Alexa has made to my having to lockdown listening to the radio, Spotify and Amazon music. I can switch from the radio to listening to my own music. It’s great. I can move it from room to room. Can’t imagine my house without it.


  This product has been used to remember a family member that they have appointments to go to any alsoGives reminders to take medication it's just amazing product and easy set up.And quality off the speaker when playing music from Amazon prime


  ://zwww.amazon.co.uk/Delivered-Delivery-Birthday-Girl-Thank-Congratulations-Great/dp/B07MDXB7NS/ref=sr_1_27?crid=1LDT8XVEUA5JW&keywords=flowers+delivered&qid=1576329602&refinements=p_36%3A-2000&rnid=355251031&s=grocery&sprefix=Flowers%2Cgrocery%2C171&sr=1-


  After wondering why I would want one of these, I stayed at my cousin's house and saw them use an echo. When I saw the dot reduced I went for one for the bedroom. I am very happy with it. The sound and volume is more than enough for where we have it. It understands our voices and questions. Very useful for alarms, reminders etc. I have an echo downstairs now too.


  I'm new to Alexa but so far I'm very happy, music sound is brilliant on echo dot 3 and communication is good I've connected my TV and CCTV light bulbs and plug's so I can control from alexa,my kids are enjoying it too it's surprising how long it keeps them entertained


  Alexa has become the go to place for music - connected to stereo in the lounge, stand alone in other rooms. The go to place to resolve disputes, not that we have many and the mode to call to action all those in different rooms without the need to shout. Also recently we were able to ‘drop in’ to our teenage boys from the hotel room we were in when for the first time in 15 years we were able to get away for the night. Don’t underestimate the magic of Alexa!!


  Great value for money I had been contemplating buying one for ages but wasn’t sure about setting it up it how to use but turns out it was really easy to set up and sound quality is brilliant Totally in love with it


  I like how small easy and how quick it was to set up. I use it mainly to put music on, ask simple questions (like weather and other basics) but especially useful with WiFi switches. They can be switched on and off with Alexa or through the app. It’s pretty cool and was fairly cheap to get so very happy with my purchase. No negatives. The sound is ok but obviously not as good as a sound system.


  Bought for my children for Christmas. Take heed - do not buy it and set it up on Christmas Day! Spent several hours trying to sync and it was saying there were all these problems (password, connections etc) - was about to request a refund until I heard due to almost all the population trying to connect, they ultimately always crash on Christmas Day! Come Boxing Day, Alexa was up and running and have not had a problem since, excellent family helper, really great :)


  I own the 2nd Gen Echo (the fabric one) and a couple of the original dots. The dots are great for commands and listening to podcasts but not so music, sound was far to tinny and distorted.This new one though is way closer to the fuller sound of the 2nd Gen then is tinny sound of the old dot. I can happy listen to music from this little guy and it gets surprising loud (louder then I’d listen comfortably) before distorting. Cracking little thing.


  Still getting used to having “Alexa” living with us. Don’t know why we left it so long to acquire the Echo dot. Depending on what you ask Alexa then sometimes her responses can be quite amusing. As pensioners we bought this when on offer at Amazon so really happy.


  Love this! Great fun and very useful. No writing out shopping lists any more, just ask Alexa to add an item to your shopping list and hey presto, there it is on your phone. Reminders are great too and again appear on your phone. Alexa is great entertainment too, play me a song, tell me a joke, an interesting fact, what’s on tv, what the weather is doing, news, recepies and so much more. Alexa does what I tell her to do, makes me laugh and even flatters me when I ask! Who needs a man! Actually he’s in a huff anyway as he says I spend more time speaking to Alexa than I do to him and my daughter!  Hope they bring out a male version of Alexa!


  Having had a 2 generation Amazon echo for a year now, I decided that I wanted a dot or 2 for around the house, I'd read the reviews about the speaker on the gen 2 being a little bit weak, so was hugely suprised by the quality and ability to fill a room with sound. Having the ability to sync and play music around the house on all devices is fantastic.


  A fantastic piece of kit you keep finding uses for. Speech can be a bit garbled at times but has the hearing of a bat. I liked it so much that I now have 2 in different rooms and linked the to the special lights in the hallway so if I get up at night I don’t have to fumble for a light switch.


  This is a fantastic addition to your home. I was lucky to get it on black Friday at a great price,  so bought one for my son for xmas. I'm very impressed with it. Answers all sorts of questions, however still working on the train times!!! It doesn't take up any room - just plug it in.  The sound is great, you can link it to a speaker if you want to.  Music needs to be on your other devices to play or on amazon music which you will have to pay for.


  So worth it. The echo dot is great value for money. Bought for my nan who has dementia and bad hearing and she can use it just fine to call people or play music. Do not that if buying for an elderly relative you do need a smart phone to download the app.


  This was bought for me as a gift didn't think it was my sot of thing. I must say I love Alexa great for playing music when doing my chores .Expecting a delivery from Amazon ask for up date on the day got a question just ask and she will answer


  Shame that to get the most out of music you pay on top of Prime. Still have reservations about the possibility that someone could hack in and listen to private conversations. However we are enjoying what we can use it for through prime. Nice piece of tech....


  SOMETIMES I GET LONELY AND ALEXA IS THERE TO PLAY ANY SORT OF MUSIC TO CHEER ME UP, ALSO IF I AM WORKING ON THE HOUSE SUCH AS PAINTING ALEXA IS THERE TO PLAY MUSIC OR CHANGE THE TRACK THAT IAM LISTENING TO IT IS A INGENIUS DEVICE TO KEEP YOU COMPANY AND FUN FOR ALL THE FAMILY,THE GRAND CHILDREN LOVE IT A MUST HAVE ITEM THANK YOU SO MUCH.


  This is a smaller less obvious Echo which is also less conspicuous but still does the same stuff that the standard Echo does but is just smaller. It is a great little machine and I'm very impressed.


  This was my first Amazon device.  I'm very pleased with it.  Voice recognition appears to be excellent and I am looking forward very much to integrating this device into my home.  I also suspect I'll be buying more Echo Dot smart speakers for use around the home.


  I've got several Echo Dota around the house now. As a unit the sound quality and aesthetics are way better than the previous generation.If I was being picky I preferred the USB power lead on the previous generation as I could choose a length of lead that suited it's location instead of having a fixed length cable.


  Great piece of kit. We only use it for internet searches, music and ordering of Amazon. It work brilliantly and always recognises is. Alexa has even started recognising out 21 month old version of “Alexa”. Ended up getting another one for another room and brought one as a gift for some. Really recommend them!


  I would give a 5 star in sound quality and voice recognition but being a Geordie I have trouble being understood. I find I have to Repeat myself and get a bit frustrated at not being understood It’s not an Alexa fault its just a language difference


  This is my 3rd purchase, initially a voice recognition issue due to a strong accent and a demented toddler shouting at it. However this seems to have stabilised. Got this on 2 occasions at half price. However well worth the full price


  at the moment i am using as an alarm individual days 5 alarms set, asking time & weather selecting a radio station. Getting used to using alexa.She wished me a happy new year & would i like her to sing auld lansaing. asks me all sorts of questions


  Love this item !! Got it for my 7yr old twins room so that I can communicate with them when they are in their room, they absolutely love Alexa. My 2 year old love it too and Alexa does recognise his voice commands too very impressed. It works well for myself getting their attention when I’m downstairs as we live in a town house and that’s a lot of stairs to cover  the interactive features  I definitely will be adding more to our home !!


  We have three Echo Dots (3rd Gen), two Echoes (2nd Gen, or should this technically be two Echos?) and an Echo Plus (1st Gen).  We have so much fun 'dropping in' on each other and telling one another things with the 'announce' function.  Beforehand, we used to shout to one another up and down the stairs.  Now life is much more normal, and it's even a lot of fun with Alexa when you learn her commands.  If you don't have an Echo device, I can recommend the 3rd Generation Echo Dot as a starter (although it's good as any of the other devices) because the speakers have been vastly improved over the First Generation ones.You should get one.  You'll be surprised at how good they are.


  I’ve got 2 other Alexa devices but certain features do not work with them so bit the bullet and bought an echo dot. What a difference. The sound is so much better.Update Jan 2020. 2 more Echo Dot’s added to the house. Love these little things. Multi room music is now a thing in our house :)


  I loved it at first, but then it didn't do what I wanted, it wouldnn't turn on and it took about 12 times to get into a radio station. It kept giving me another radio 4 station(pop) I really got frustrated. However, I gave one to my sister in law and she absolutely loves itI will continue to try and get Alexa to do what I want.Having read that through, I realised I had been calling her Alexi not Alexa we are now the best of friends


  Liked easy to use.  If you don't speak so clearly, it has a problem picking up your voice.  Quick delivery.  Some songs not available unless you pay more each month.  Cannot get it to play for 10 minutes then turn off.  Perhaps you can and I am not asking it the correct way.  So easy to use otherwise.


  Very clever bit of kit. Have got 2 smartplugs and have them controlling the christmas lights. Now no crawling under the tree to urn on the lights, just say 'Alexa turn on the tree' and it's done.Just wish you could change the accent though.


  This was given to me as a present. I have been really pleased with the Dot.  The only problem would be It doesn't always seem to recognise what I have asked. Not sure if It is still new to me, or just doesn't have the capacity to access everything the echo can.Perhaps that is a question I should ask!


  I keep forgetting I have it but when I remember something she can annoy me as she doesn't understand or gives me something completely different. So I have to say it a few times. But when she gets it right it's great but I do tend to get angry with her lol. I also keep forgetting to say Alexa before I want anything.


  This is a great little product I’ve added it to my other Alexa devices wanted one for the bedroom I can now listen to the radio switch lights on and off plus many many other things sound quality is great for such a little device definitely recommend


  Extremely smart bit of kit.Works well and is unlike the parrot will not die on me (reference to Monty Python).The sound is very good nice and clear when playing music, can be adjust for bass, treble and can be used for Amazon music (of course) but also Spotify.It's voice recognition is spot on and help with lots of things order details, appointments, timer and alarm etc etc


  Great music whenever I want.I wanted to have music in my house but not using a headset or having to download things. My grandchildren suggested Echo dot 3rd gen. and join the family Amazon Music. I love this solution. The music is so clear and Alexa so knowledgable. Great purchase and good advice from my grandchildren.


  Wonderful product, myself and my husband bought two in the Black Friday sales. I cannot imagine my home life without it. The voice activation is so clear and Reacts to such volume sensitive commands. We use it for cooking recipes and radio stations, and the sound quality is great for the size of the device.  I highly recommend the echo dot.


  Very happy with this little beauty, it's small but mighty and packs far more punch to the sound than I expected, feels really well built, all its smart features work perfectly, ordered another already but this time the one with the clock on for the bedroom.


  Would love to have had an instruction booklet with it.  Not everyone is internet born and bred.  Beginning to find out what she can do.  Amazed when she played music from the year this OAP was born


  Not a lot you can say about it... It was easy to set up, took less than 5 minutes. Works great, Isounds great. I don't have it to loud as it upsets my neighbors, they don't like my kind of music 


  this delivery arrived 10 days earlier than expected!!! Brilliant! And my son is over the moon with it! We all are actually :) can’t fault it, we managed to connect it to amazon music or whatever it’s called really really easily, and now it plays any song we ask. Tells us the time, the weather, jokes, all sorts! Wish we’d got one sooner!!


  I have found this not very good it’s has signed be up to amazon music for 30 days free then I have no ideal how much after that it keeps saying it doesn’t understand what I ask it and I ask for them to remind me of a appointment to which it didn’t so I’m not sure if it’s broke u tell me


  I love everything about this Echo dot. I was a bit wary as its small but oh my god how powerful is it all I can say is you will NOT waste your money on this. I am a trance music fan even though I am 71 years old and the bass on it is fantastic very easy to use love it


  Brilliant. Bass is great for such a little unobtrusive thing. Nice LED effects. Loud. Not quiet enough at 2 but too quiet at 1 volume is my only criticism as I like to sleep with it on.Again, brilliant and very good price. One in every room now!


  I have this in the bedroom and an echo plus in the kitchen.I listen to the radio via wireless headphones through the night.I like it. I might buy the one with a screen and put the echo dot in the guest room.I love how compact they are.I often listen to my audio book as I doze on a Saturday morning.


  I received this with my Ring 2 doorbell as a special offer, so gave it to my daughter as a stocking filler, she loves it, she had to get the Spotify premium app so that she could get it to play her favourite songs, but the voice recognition is great and she loves the fact that you can ask it anything, easy to set up, was set up by my 13 year old daughter on her own.


  This is a bit of a gimmick to my mind, but it is easier to ask Alexa than to go on Google and search sometimes.. it could make one very lazy, getting Alexa to do things like play music instead of getting up and turning on a system, but there are times when it is a brilliant bit of kit to have. A great addition to a household...


  I’m still learning what my “Dot” can and can’t do.I’m yet to buy bulbs etc and start building a smart home.But I’m loving her so far. The sound on the radio is beautiful. She has had me and hubby in stitches with some of the skills she has. Especially the cat meowing - keeping our cats wondering where the sound is coming from.Good fun.


  Already had the first echo dot and was very pleased with it but decided to go for this third generation version and have not been dissapointed. The sound quality is better as is the build quality which makes this third generation dot heavier and more robust.


  It is an Echo after all! Bought two as such a good price. One upstairs and one down. Easy to set up and have connected to my two heating systems and the Ikea WiFi hub for lighting. so I can now control my lights by speech. All works well.


  Won our first dot in a raffle so only cost a £1 although was thinking of getting one kid's love asking questions easy to set up good quality materials great sound for the size of them, ordered a 2nd as as result of how easy it is to play all kinds of music if your in the kitchen doing dishes or chilling in the living room.


  I love the echo dots so much I've 4 around the house, no more yelling downstairs to the children, now i can make an announcement  you can set reminders, alarms, check weather do routines, turn on lights and heating even if im not at home. Its perfect.Every day i learn more you can do with it.


  This has improved so much from the original echo dot. Looks great!  But also the sound is so much better. The original I had to use with a speaker for the sound.  Where this one is good on its own.  So good I bought an additional one for my daughter and son. My partner got them for his parents. Not to mention I recommend them to a work colleague who then went on to buy 3 of these..


  Love my echo dot, still fairly new and only play music at the moment either through radio or a command. Love that I was able to link my boom speaker to it it give better sound and can move from room to room.


  The speaker is loud and clear. The voice recognition is really good, even when the room is loud. Alexa is pretty good at doing what you tell her to do and the conversation with her is quite natural. Still exploring what else it can do, but so far so good.


  I have only had the Dot for a few weeks now but my initial findings reveal the Dot too be nearly as good as the Echo products I already have and serves well in a guest room that was not covered by my two exsiting Amazon Echo unitsI was pleasantly surprised at the audial and musical qualities in such a small unit. If the Dot proves to be as reliable as its larger siblings then I shall continue to be a fan of the Amazon product range.


  We have found that is is so helpful when set up on lamps, and need them on or off in either room, also playing song’s from years ago, good clear voice, will certainly be getting another and more WiFi plugs for other rooms, this one covers two rooms lamps.


  Didn't think I would find. Use really for this equipment but no,... it comes in very useful when you want music on, or if you want to know something important like changing weights and measures  can be  invaluable  very impressed  and pleased I got it


  Great product could be slightly better for voice recognition but brought during sale for only £20 so no complaints really. Shoddy delivery driver! Unable to follow delivery instructions, left parcel on doorstep in the pouring rain, after being instructed to leave with neighbour. To add though amazon very helpful and offered to replace but luckily it seems to work.


  I was truly amazed by the quality of sound from this little Echo Dot. I have gone from “I don’t need one of those “ to using it every day.  Very easy to set up by using an app on your phone. The unit just plugs in anywhere in the house and connects to your Wifi.


  Great, bought for grandson,  but remember you have to pay monthly for Amazon music unlimited


  Got this from my daughter and son in law for my Xmas. Fantastic gadget so easy to set up so many uses! For me the most used part is music the sound is great and how such a small thing can do so much never fails to impress me! Love it.


  I was sceptical about Alexa after having one previously. I am pleasently surprised and very impressed with the ease of use. The sound quality is pretty ok also.A very handy nifty piece of kit.


  I find alot of the time I have to repeat myself for Aexa to understand my request or command.Plus side is that it is very good to set reminders for my medication and also the shopping list function is very helpful for me, as I can add things as soon as they comes into my head. I can be very forgetful sometimes and miss medical appointments, so alarm reminders are fantastic, so very helpful. My all time favourite is that I can listen to whatever music I love. Great buy, great price.


  Absolutely love this echo Dot, excellent value for money as I purchased it on Black Friday. I have other larger more expensive echo devices, but this one is just as good. I have this one situated in my kitchen and use it every day for playing the radio, amazon music and it’s so handy for timing boiled eggs and as a gentle reminder of when whatever I’m cooking needs to come out of the oven!


  This is a definite improvement on previous Dots. The sound quality is much improved and it looks aesthetically better. A great buy and I would certainly not hesitate to buy again if I didn’t have enough already !!


  Good little speaker. Ideal for small rooms, kitchens etc. The sound quality isn't as good as the full sized echo but it is very good.  Great value for money and easy to listen to Amazon music as a Prime member.


  I am a student and so am setting different alarm times every day to get the most sleep I can... obviously. I would buy this item for its alarm feature alone. Speakers aren't amazing but for its mark speaker controls and for the price - brilliant.


  I found the Echo Dot very easy to set up and had it up and running in a couple of minutes. The sound quality is surprisingly good for such a small speaker but there is an option to plug it into a larger speaker via a 3.5mm jack plug if required.  I have also connected this to my Fire Stick and the Alexa voice control works very well.I bought my Echo Dot when it was on offer at £29.99 and feel this represented great value for money. Do I recommend it? Absolutely. Would I by another? Most definitely.


  I spent some time wondering why I couldn't make it work for me, but I had downloaded the "setup App and not the alexa app!  Son in law sorted in about 40 seconds!Great peice of kit and as our refurbishments proceeds, we will be "alexaing" in every room.It is amazing.


  Got this as part of the Music Unlimited promotion and it's a big step up in terms of sound quality compared to our previous version Dot. Still not as good as the full sized Echo, however that's never the expectation and has vastly improved the sound upstairs (not that my wife's choice of music has improved with it!!).


  We already have a 2nd gen dot feeding our hifi, we got a 3rd gen unit for use in a  spare room. As easy to use as expected, and the sound is significantly better than what comes out of the 2nd gen inbuilt speaker.


  After holding off for a long time, the need for a new speaker led to me finally going down tbe smart speaker route. I wish I'd done it a long time ago. Tbe features are outstanding, and every day a new feature becomes part if your daily routine. 109% recomendef


  We all have new computers in work, but the sound quality through the new PC's wasn't great.We're used to listening to internet radio, so I wanted that with a decent sound quality.Buying an Alexa is much cheaper than buying an internet radio.The sound quality of this is fine for the office.Easy to set up too.


  My Daughter brought our Echo Dot as a gift, as we are getting on in age, (70s), we find it amazing that Alexa seems as though she's here with us, so we go in another room to have a conversation just in case she is listening. Brilliant, but we cannot afford the monthly payment, so we just ask for , Alexa- play music. and hope we don't get a bill.


  I am wanting to set up most of my technology items to Alexa, I was bought this for my birthday from my son, I love it, I bought a stand for it which makes the sound even better, I have it set to my sound surround system speakers via Bluetooth. I love it!


  Already have an Echo so plugging this in and telling it which WiFi to connect to is all this need. They talk to eachother perfectly well and for now this new unit is in a waterproof box at the front of the house providing music to the Christmas lights display. Great because after a minute Dot automatically find her WiFi link after being switched off during the day.


  Purchased this for the kitchen as the DAB radio I had already didn’t have the best sound quality.  Already have an Echo Dot in another room which am pleased with so took advantage of the discounted price, takes up less room and the sound quality is good.  Good purchase.


  i could not get this to work would say its connected but wasnt would connect to my mobile but not my router after 7 attempts i gave up and sent it back thinking faulty - black friday i orderd the alexa vision . the sound quality is ammazing so perfectly clear with the right type off base . i cant wait to see if the vision will work for me


  Absolutely love it how did I manage without her. Easy to setup and talk to. Occasional things she doesn't understand but that to be expected I just have to say differently. I have a bad memory so I get her to remind me. The music sound quality is superb.


  Love this. My son bought it for me for Christmas. Completely unexpected!This is probably going to sound really sad but I’d love it if I didn’t keep having to say ‘Alexa’ when I’m asking a question so I can continue a ‘conversation’. I find ‘her’quite amusing at times so would enjoy some uninterrupted discourse!  I think I’ve probably been living alone for too long......


  The voice recognition is brilliant she always seems to understand me. Music sounds great on it too. My only sad point on this is. I can't play music from my library in my phone. Which has my favourite tunes. Amazon music will find the songs on their music store but you gave to ask for them separately which is a ....


  Sound quality on this wee this is amazing and is a massive step up from the first Gen dot (which I have hooked up to my sound system in the living room). We got this our bedroom so we have music playing throughout the house when we are cleaning up or decorating.


  Recieved as a gift for Christmas,  so just in the process of setting up. I don't yet have any smart home plugs, lamps or switches so use is limited at the moment,  however,  I am impressed with the sound quality and accuracy of speech recognition. It's a fun thing!


  Just absolutely love it - connected to my Spotify premium account and now my tunes are sounding great all over the downstairs. Will be getting a second one for the bedroom now I know how good the sound quality is for such a small item. Great product, brilliant price. Highly recommend.


  This is my fourth device in the home and the most stylish one yet.  It's weightier than my two echo dots,  I think they were !st generation,  but so much better looking. I highly recommend this item.


  It was really simple to set up and is very easy to use. I downloaded the app and added what I wanted on my Alexa; quizzes, radio stations, alarms etc. Can’t believe it took me so long to actually buy one! Love it that much that I have bought another one for the hubby and one for my sister.


  Very happy with our purchase. We treat ourselves to two as early Christmas/birthday presents.Loving that we can do a Christmas count down. Alexa (aka Echo) can (ion request) tell jokes , give details of the weather, play music and much more. She recognises my voice and commands we are finding her very useful.


  I was very surprised by the sound quality and usability of this little speaker. Just as a Bluetooth speaker it is worth the (sale) price. Not wonderful sound but perfectly good for voice and pop.


  Had been toying the idea of buying one of this, so when I saw the offer for £9 with unlimited music I didn’t think twice. I love Alexa and the kids love her too. Making shopping lists has never been easier and it has been great listening to some amazing compilations of music. An excellent purchase.


  Item is neat and really like the function of just requesting music and information.  Was easy to set up although haven't fully integrated yet with all other devices.  Excellent value for money and thinking of getting add-ons for other rooms in the house.


  For such a small unit the playback quality is excellent,  quick to set up and voice recognition was so easy . I had to subscribe to a music account after being missinformed by friend this wasn't needed to play music, but for £3.99 a month for Amazon music I'm not complaning. Since I bought this I have added smart plugs to my home , and again have to say , connecting  them to Alexa was so easy . No more stumbling around in the dark stubbings toes on side of bed , because it does  what it says on the tin " Alexa turn bedroom lights off " DONE .... all from the comfort of lying in bed. It's also a great addition to home security as I can now turn on any light in my home when I'm not in by using the app So if your thinking of getting this little gadget , think no longer and treat yourself you won't be disappointed...


  All brilliant. The second one for the house. The American accent is a little poor, but what it does is great. It now acts as an alarm , it means we don’t need to listen to the same radio station every morning and at night play music whilst I read.  It’s great


  Brilliant wee thing. I got it for £25 during Black Friday, I was hesitant to pay the RRP. Brilliant speakers, and it understands a thick Glaswegian accent. Alexa doesn't understand some things we ask and say, but we're learning how to word commands.We bought the smart plug too which is very responsiveI'm a hardcore Google fan, but Alexa is way up there.


  This is our second Alexa Echo and has been updated since we bought the other one.  Sounds better.  We also received a TP link plug in the offer and we've set up a lamp to automatically switch on and off.  Great fun.


  We already have an echo plus and the tall Alexa - wanted one for the kitchen. I was sure the dot would sound 'tinny' but its wonderful - best money ever spent on a speaker :) :) As I linked it to my existing devices all I had to do was plug it in too!


  Having upgraded my devices from generation 2 to generation 3, I have to say I am very impressed with the look and feel of the new device, and the sound quality is far superior to the previous generation.  Also, the mic setup seems a great deal better in terms of understanding my requests.  Great devices, and incredible value as part of the black Friday sales.


  Love this. Kids love it. Made me even more lazy, which in itself was a hard task to accomplish. Shame about the issues with my scottish accent. Not Alexas fault I suppose. Works my lights, my kettle, my tv, my xbox, tells me the news, plays music, welcomes me home, tells at the kids, tells me the weather.


  Always thought that this item was a waste of time and money when watching the tv adverts. But after getting one as part of a home system and using it for a few days I was so impressed that I bought a second one. Fits in remarkably easily with entertainment and home security plus everyone is amused asking Alexa different questions.


  Integrating several (I.E. 4 of them) is very difficult. They are supposed to be able to communicate with each other, for messaging and intercom etc, but it's proving to be difficult to set up, even with Amazon Call Centre's help line, it's still not done. Waiting for another call from them with suggestions on how to resolve it.


  I like the compact size and the simplicity in setting up. I am 83 years old and live on my own, the reminders facility is particularly useful to remind me to take medication, put the bins out, feed my fish and many more. I also find the shopping lists system very handy. I am learning more every day.


  Love this product.  So easy to set up and so useful...ask the time, weather, set alarms, play music  I am still only skimming the surface.  Sound quality very good .  Would recommend.....update...its so good I have just bought another one for upstairs!


  The most fun thing to own! I don't have any 'smart' plugs or switches so don't know how the echo works with them, but asking for background music, or piano music, or to tell a joke... Brilliant!


  Absolutely brilliant! A lot of fun too! I have recently had a stroke so my memory isn’t too great, I set reminders to take tablets and reminders for appointments and even reminders to time whatever I put in the oven! Very valuable tool!, she plays music and even does silly things like farts! Keeps my spirits up. Love the santa feature too when I ask for an update on santa! Fab for families with young kids. Alexa has made life much more simple! Highly recommend.


  Great fun. There are plenty of things which you can do with the dot as it comes, but remember that a lot of the applications need additional devices which add to the cost. It's definitely not a necessity but we do enjoy using it and have no regrets in purchasing it.


  Had a stroke and this was gifted to me because I couldn’t read or watch Tv. My daughter set it up, partly remotely.  It reads my favourite book, plays music I like and switches on and off my bedside light and fan.  Has saved my “sanity”.


  I already own a large Alexa and another Dot. I couldn’t resist another Dot at the price offered. Use them as alarm clocks and to control bedroom lamps where the plugs aren’t accessible. Great sound great price and a brilliant product. At that price who could say no. Highly recommended


  At the moment we are using Alexa for music. However if we ask for BBC RADIO 2 it cannot find it, and we get BBC Radio Sussex. I have tried various commands but it will not play ball, disappointed but not giving up. If you have any help available it will be most welcome.


  Liking this gadget a lot. Even managed to set it all up on my own. (No children’s input needed) Looked at buying a new radio but decided on this instead. Does the job and more. So much so I bought another one for upstairs.


  I love this little echo dot I play with it quite a lot, still getting use to all that it offers but I listen to spottify (other apps are available) and the speaker does quite well for it's size, let me not forget Alexa I ask all kind of questions :-)


  Oh what an investment . I love it . FromPlaying songs , to playing music quiz games . Helping me sleep at night ... good company as well ha ha . I bought it for £ 25.00 a bargain !! Move it to anywhere in the house . Literally plug and play !  Very easy to use .


  I love this neat form of Alexa, just right for me..I had the tall version first but it took up too much space for where I wanted to put it...so I gave that one to my son and I now have this, much better for me and it still foes everything I want. Very pleased


  We love our echo dots and have 4 around the house...we set alarms to get us up in the morning, timers when cooking, play music, ask alexa to tell us jokes, call friends and send voice messages to family, and I'm sure they do lots more but we haven't worked it out yet! Sound quality is good enough for what we need and the kids love having their own 'music player' and creating their own playlists on demand. Really affordable and fun to have at home.


  This is a very handy gadget. Coupled with plugs and other Echo devices around the house it saves time and effort remotely switching on awkward sockets.  I am able to play music around the house, contact members of the family, set alarms and timers and listen to the radio. Wouldn't be without it.


  Still finding out all about my new girl Alexa. She certainly knows her stuff. Bit disappointed though as she could'nt give me next week's lottery numbers. I'll get the wife to ask her next time as nobody ever dares to deny her anything!


  I read and pondered over a multitude of smart speakers before deciding to try Amazon's Echo. The app isn't the best when it comes to setting up routines, but they do work as you'd expect. Sound quality is tremendous from such a small sized unit. Voice recognition rarely falters.  I'd recommend to anyone.


  I have to admit I was dubious about anything to do with the echo dot, but it is fantastic. Sound quality first class and voice recognition has not been a problem. Definitely recommend the echo dot.


  We have "Alexa" in the kitchen and wanted something for the bedroom---This "Dot" links very well---Not only does it play the same music throughout the house the intercom side of it is a real bonus! Also very easy to set up as a pair.


  We were bought an Echo Dot for Christmas. I never wanted one! Didn't like the idea that it knew what I was doing. We were so impressed with it that we sent for another for the kitchen. I'm really impressed with the music. I can ask it to play anything. I put my shopping lists on it and it gives me updates if I have a parcel delivery too. I can also plug it in in another room which is great.


  Sound great for a bedroom and easy to do everything once I'd connected it. I had real problems getting it to connect to the internet using my phone. But I installed the app on my tablet and it worked brilliantly. My 83 year old mum loves it


  Surprised how powerful the speaker is for such a small device.I was going to buy a dab radio but no longer required.Great device that links via bluetooth to two othersoundbars that I have in my house.


  Excellent little device, works well in the bedroom.  Alexa is brilliant and I can also tie in with my main echo plus in the kitchen and drop in on that for conversations with my partner .  Only slight issue I’ve found is the sound can be a little tinny with certain songs but apart from that could not fault it at all and highly recommend. Also bought it with a little stand.


  Brilliant I love it, great speaker sounds as I only have a small flat and everything is great about it.  In this time of lockdown, if you live alone at least you can yell "goodnight" and get an anwer hahahaha.  Seriously its brilliant.


  This is the third Alexa speaker and it quickly linked into the 'network' with the others, Safely packed and promptly delivered. It leffectively works as as music player !Recomended.


  It’s OK as a present, don’t think I’d have actually bought one.Used it a few times Christmas Day to try it out but nothing since.Any music I like would have to pay for as not enough free so still sticking with the Bose/iPod  for that....


  Sceptic now converted sums it up, couldn’t be bothered before but got given one free when we bought a HIve thermostat. Useful for lots of things without moving out of your chair!  Unfortunately our tv although a smart tv does not support the Alexa app so cant control that.


  Just set this one up. In replacement of the Echo Dot Second Gen... And BAM... its amazing compared to the 2nd Gen. The base and loudness is incredible. I love it. I actually prefer it to my Echo (the tall one)I own 3. I'm still yet to work out how to do all the clever fancy stuff but it's still the best  £24.99 I spent.


  This is simply a fantastic product. It's a great digital and lifestyle assistant.Has great sound (I've also plugged it into some Bose speakers)Integration is great for many devices - I have integrated Alexa with the HIVE home management system.


  I like this product because it's small and unintrusive. It answers the majority of questions asked and it saved me from having to answer my husbands constant barrage of questions on numerous subjects Now he can ask Alexa. Makes me a happy bunny.


  Excellent device I only bought one as I had a voucher and they were  half price any way. I have used it far more than I thought I would not just for music, excellent sound by the way, but for all sorts. Shopping lists, reminders, listening to the radio, podcasts, I have linked it to audible account.


  We have two and are awaiting a Studio model, we love them for all sorts of reasons:1. great for fun2. great for info eg traffic, weather etc3. for acting as referee in disputes!!!!!We just love them and incredible value.


  Fantastic little gadget.  I’ve used it for playing music, making lists and checking up on my Amazon orders. I’m sure I’ll find lots of other uses when I’ve had it a little longer.The only problem I’ve found is that it doesn’t always understand me! Maybe it will take some time for it to get used to my accent.


  I couldn't see the point... At. All.  Then I got one... And another... And now I have a shopping list of Alexa gadgets... Being able to drop in to the teen hiding in her room instead of blowing my vocal cords does have its advantages... Alexa needs a "you're welcome" response to the fools like myself who keep saying thank you to an inanimate object... 


  Bought for a present, my sister says its the best presi ever, she uses it all the time for recipies, joke of the day, spelling and of course music, she loves that when her hands are full she can instruct to turn down sounds or change music channels


  Great product again from the alexa family.Needed one for the kitchen as I already have  an echo and a 2nd gen echo in other rooms.The sound quality is good despite the smaller unit and is still adequate to listen to music with.Great device and excellent price! Recommended!


  I've always been thinking whybdo people need alexa and how usless it is, lately i bought few smart plugs and light bulbs and man how impressed iam !! Just shout this thing and it will turn the light on/off for u or turn the fan on etc .. happy with my decision and planning to expand my smart home devices


  We love this. Music quality is brilliant especially as the speaker is so tiny. Reminders are really useful. Think we’ve only really scratched the surface of what Alexa can do. Enjoying trying out all the different skills. . Very happy.


  Second purchase for the bedroomAlarms set radio stations set and reminder.lists to keep me organised.Can operate my heating and lights from the comfort of my bedListen to audio books or my music listThe list is endless


  Outstandingly good quality and the newest version for me to use brilliant easy to use and I cannot believe it took me ages to get one now I cannot imagine how life would be like without having this device


  Fantastic for music, news and making fart noises. Has the odd issue with recognising speech and can’t seem to get it to speak in An English accent but apart from that. She’s great. I expect to add on some other peripherals in the future and looking forward to them working seamlessly as promised.


  My son and daughter in law bought this for me as they know I like to play music. I really love the ease without an advert every two minutes. Also it let me keep up to date with my Amazon orders.


  Love my dots. I have them all over the house. Music everywhere. Also love being able to announce when dinner is ready rather than shout everyone down


  Bought one for my elderly parent and 1 for myself on a whim. Love it. Find it so useful when cooking to add to shopping list. Great at night to listen to something relaxing.Not tried audible books yet but will do when I set may parent's one up.Sound quality is fine for size of speaker.


  Totally love Alexa. She’s like part of the family. I use her for playing music every morning and for setting timers or reminders or for checking the home temperature and for weather. She’s also reads bible for me. Best purchase.


  Bought it as a starter one for the kids. They love it. easy to use. easy to install. Voice recognition  along with the sound quality is excellent .  The Alexa integration is  not at its fullest and that is down to my skills set and not the product.


  I have always been unsure of the benefits of a voice assistant - but since I bought this dot, I am converted. The ease of playing music from Amazon Prime is so useful. The shopping list feature is such a help, and the timer.  I find the sound quality excellent.


  Amazon pulled the gloves off with this one. Everything about it says  I might have been slow out of the starting gates(version one) but they are gearing up for the fight. It is tech for a modern home and the far field technology is very good. It has started me off now looking into their ecosystem. If they produce products like this, worthy of my attention in my modern apartment.


  It's good  but wouldn't set up on my Samsung A50 running 9 pie .so tried my samsung s6 and worked right away .nice compact unit with decent sound .happy with it , I have Cortana and Google assistant o  other devices but this at home is very good.


  Bought an Alexa for my boyfriend’s christmas. Quite disappointed that it doesn’t work unless plugged in, so isn’t ‘portable’ like most speakers! Also isn’t compatible with the likes of Soundcloud which is a bit disappointing


  I find it more useful than I expected for many different and convenient activities such as requests for information, to play music, make phone calls, to be told the weather or to be told what's next in my calendar. I find the sound quality very good at low volume.


  Bought as a Christmas gift for my child and it has exceeded all expectations. The sound quality it great for the size of the speaker. We have had so many giggles at some of the games and skills you can get Amazon Alexa to do. It's a brilliant piece of kit and with smart plugs we can now turn lights and the tv on and off with voice commands.


  I love that this was set up and ready to go, the app is so easy to use and Alexa seems to understand my questions and commands without any difficulty. The mic range is fantastic, I'm getting accurate results from the next room.  I'm saving so much time on web searches as speaking is so much quicker than typing and my prime music membership is being put to use more than ever. All in all, I'm glad to welcome Alexa into my home and look forward to discovering new ways she can make my life easier


  My 3rd generation Echo Dot provides good quality music, useful information and it syncs well with my other devices so that I can listen to audible in the echo dot, picking up exactly where I left off on the iPhone or iPad.It was inexpensive and versatile  I love it.


  I'm giving my Echo Dot 5"☆I'm waiting to get another in the sales to use in another room. At the moment I keep by my bed. Alexa wakes me up on the alarm that I set and then she tells me the days news in brief. I'm limited to the music I want her to play as I don't pay a subscription. I can also ask her to phone my friends. The sound quality is absolutely brilliant for such a tiny dot. Thanks Amazon ❤


  Got this product for the bedroom, tells the time, wakes me up, plays music, tells jokes, gives you the weather. What else can I say, it does what it says on the box.  Dislike the fact you have to purchase amazon music to listen to songs YOU want.


  Really surprised at the sound quality that comes from such a tiny device. It fills a medium sized bedroom 8ft by 9ft. Alexa works well once attuned to your voice and whilst it took some time figuring out how to allow it to be a multi room source and a single room player it is relatively straightforward to setup.


  It is primarily. Radio in the kitchen for us so we ask for limited function apart from that. But the sound is good and suppose it’s good to know the weather or your next delivery of you want that.


  My friends & family said this was a must have, I was sceptical, but it's brilliant, never thought I would be talking to a robot, and enjoying it.The phone app is good too, links my Amazon music with one click.Excellent piece of equipment.


  Great bit of kit. It's made my extensive CD collection more or less  redundant. A fantastic spacesaver and all I have to do is ask  Alexa.....Also controls my central heating via Hive and in due course will control my lighting when I get  some smart bulbs.


  Simply amazing.being an old fart of 74 it's nice to have A young lady to ask for endless info and a  great selection of music.If I could afford it I would get the bigger version because it must blow you mind sound wise.A must have.  Especially for all the old farts out there.  P J F.


  Already reviewed after getting a ‘delivered’ message but no actual delivery.The mistake was with the courier and not the dispatchers.I now have my Echo and it is working really well. Even better with an unlimited music subscription and Audible!Heard me every time (while I have it turned on) is really handy if I can’t be bothered to google something.The sound is great! Nice bass on it.Now I finally have it, im really happy with it.


  We were bought this for Christmas by our son. My husband and I both love it! From the football scores, to playing favourite music and Audible books it's great. My 89 year old husband is partially deaf so the Echo dot is on a table close to him and he can hear it very well. ( He has good manners and always says good morning and goodnight to Alexa!)


  Ideal for listening to music still learning each day what Alexa can do need more time to go through it all only just had it as a Christmas gift, some have complain about the quality of sound if you just want to relax and listen to music it’s perfect if your having a big family gathering or party then maybe this is not loud enough for that purpose.


  Easy to set up, good sound quality and Alexa very responsive. My use is fairly basic - times, alarms, radio, music, asking a range of questions (instead of googling) and it suits me perfectly.


  Much better sound quality than our Google Home Mini.A shame that it uses a 12v PSU and not 5v via a micro USB or USBC plug. makes it hard to use a battery and make it portable.Easier for our toddlers to say Alexa than OK Google, so it's a win for us.


  Great fun. Sometimes frustrating when she randomly starts spouting out stuff when you haven't even asked her anything! Will not did the recognise my voice thing keeps saying something went wrong.  Works well with the Alexa App.  Great for listening to all sorts of radio stations. We love Alexa.


  The Echo Dot (3rd Gen) is a significant improvement over the two previous versions. It adds another device to extend the system throughout the house for music & radio listening. Once the "american" dialect was changed it seems to function OK, but still cannot pronounce my village name correctly!


  These are the best I’ve got three dots now and an echo. The kids have them in their rooms and we can communicate from using the ‘drop in’ feature to talk with them Instead of shouting around the house. Also you can use ‘announcement ‘ to play something through all of your echo devices so everyone knows what’s happening eg wereLeaving the house in 20 mins to visit your Auntie etc. kids love the music and games they can play,plus if you want to know anything just ask Alexa....simples.


  I love my Echo dot. I was very surprised how great the sound is when playing music from Spotify or Amazon Music, it's really good quality too!Despite its size it's well worth the money & I've been making use of Alexa more often now.


  Nice & useful Gadget to have. Sound is great for talking, messages, playing games etc. But very tinny for playing music I find. Some of the skills (for certain products or appliances) are a bit cumbersome too. Overall very happy with the product though.


  I wasn't going to get one, but when you see a lightning deal for an Alexa at 99p then it's a no brainer.Easy to use and connect to other devices such as your X-Box One, smart TV, smart lighting, etc...Would I buy again? Yes and I bought 2 more.


  I purchased 2 ... 1 for his lordship up the shed 50m from house and 1 for upstairs  so now all will hear me say t ready it's brilliant get as many as you can I don't think I will ever use all function but so far very happy get as many as you can for music knowledge  intercom brilliant


  Just great for day to day household use. Get instant weather and traffic updates, playing music and many other features . Found it fairly simple to set up. The only downside is that there is an occasional problem when playing BBC music as it sometimes developsInterference which is the reason that I have not given it a five star review.


  I've put this in our 'used to be' dining room, turned into a sitting room, two tub Chairs and drinking tea and coffee whilst listening to our favourite tracks on the echo dot. Great times. I, I mean, We love it. Sounds good, Looks good. Invaluable piece of kit. Highly Recommended.


  Had this on a deal for 99p and was absolutely delighted as i previously has a 1st gen dot.  They have come along so much and this one is so much sturdier and well made with a great rich sound


  Really love this device. The sound quality is excellent! Very loud without distortion with good bass. Sounds as good as it is built. Really loved the 'whisper mode' when I was setting it up, made me giggle. There's so much that can be done with Alexa and it really has proven to be a useful addition to the house.


  Free gift and woukdnt have actually thought to buy it. However its greatcand getting a lot of use. Can play back music via an amp and large speakers in excellant quality. Loked it so much we now have one with the large speaker in another room as well.


  It's great having Alexa on hand, not only playing my favourite radio station but the wonderful humour on her 'good morning' pieces, useful things like timers and reminders, etc, etc, the list of good things just goes on. No negatives so far. The set up was also sooooo easy.


  We purchased the echo dot after having fun with our grand son's over Christmas. It was a good price on the Amazon web site. It is one of the best buys we have ever made. So easy to set up and use. in no time at all we were asking questions and playing music. We signed up to the unlimited music £3.99 a month we have very wide taste in the kind of songs we like and it's all covered. We would highly recommend to people of all ages enjoy !!!!!


  Loved my gen2 so got a new one for another room. Wow, I'm blown away. Mainly.rhe speaker quality. I love it on this gen, don't need to plug in an external speaker for it to be decent for music.


  This is a cool little gadget. I’m still learning but I’ve used some of the skills, reminders, timers and playlists so far. Very easy to set up. Didn’t realise that I had to keep it plugged in (thought you just charged it overnight then unplugged it - at which point it simply turned off!!). I’m still not sure why it randomly comes to life (pulsating colours) when I haven’t spoken but hey ho. Learning as we go!


  All came free with a new boiler. Having great time playing music and asking Alexa questions we now have the whole house working with Alexa the lights and tv and door camera comes on my phone to see who is at my front door and it all came free with when we had a new boiler fitted. So a great bargain


  Only just started making smart home and this is great.Though only lights are currently linked for now, my wife still uses it for to-do lists and reminders around the home and a lot easier than going on Google to look up quick questions.


  We set the Echo Dot up which was very easy to do and have been using it on a daily basis for the radio, timer for cooking and playlists, absolutely excellent product.


  Having owned all 3 versions of the echo dot this is definitely the best so far. Sound wise it’s important to remember this is only the dot so more functional for voice than music although this Gen 3 iteration definitely sounds better than previous echo dots.


  Brilliant in its operation and sound quality. I’ve linked it to my Sonos system and can now control the system by voice. Also, linked my mobile phone. It’s like Google with far more bells and whistles. A great buy and at a very low price.


  This item is extremely well made and looks good, the quality of sound was far better than I expected. Works well with my Hive heating & lighting and saves me having to reach for mobile and opening the Hive App to change settings.Extensive set of Alexa skills which I have just started to delve into.Would highly recommend at the price.


  I have a full sized Echo... and the sound on the Dot is equally good, which really surprised me. At the £29.99 I paid for it, it's excellent value. The perfect bedside accessory for waking up on time and listening to some nice relaxing radio programmes or music without having to fiddle with controls to change station or track!


  Bought in Black Friday sale to add to full-size Echo and 2nd Gen Dot. This 3rd Gen feels more substantial and gives out decent sound for such a small unit.As always, a piece of cake to set up via the Alexa app and connects straight away to previously installed smart devices. Bought as part of Dot/Alexa smart plug bundle; an absolute bargain.


  I don't annoy Alexa a lot but I do find her answers quite helpful, I like the weather forecast, her jokes, her singing and her general knowledge is awesome; for the modest amount I paid, I reckon this is excellent value, no home should be without Alexa!


  I love this, been asking Alexa funny questions, even got serenaded :) This has made me start listening to music again which is good for me, as I love singing. No problems with it, apart from daughter taking it at times. Great definitely recommend


  This item was given to me at Christmas by my son , as an 80year I had no idea what it was for , however after a few talks from my son and grandson I soon got to like my eco and use it to send messages and requests I think its great


  Fantastic little speaker, after purchasing my first echo in the black Friday sales I decided to buy 2 of these echo spots to put in other rooms in my house so I can play my music and control my lights and sockets in different rooms. Cannot find any negatives at the moment but only time will tell. The delivery was really fast and the bonus that these were in the black Friday sale as well.


  I was really surprised how good this is. I bought it for my kitchen and since then I seem to spend quite a lot time in the kitchen not necessarily cooking;) sound is surprisingly good for such a compact speaker, Apple level quality finish. Alexa works grate, have to say much better the Siri. I’m going to get another one for stereo effect. Highly recommended!


  My sister bought this for me as a Christmas gift. It is amazing! Easy to set up and easy to use. My shopping lists and to do lists are easy... I just tell my device to add items as I think of them! Music, news, weather all for the asking! Wouldn't be without it now!


  It is remarkable at picking up instructions (but a little picky on the phraseology!) and I have found it surprisingly useful. The sound however is poor - you can't really listen to music or radio. But a remarkable unit and extraordinary value on offer.


  To date I have not used Alexa to full potential, a few jokes, crossword clues, some of which Alexa had no answer, and mainly to play music.  I enjoy being able to ask Alexa to play my favourite music when hands full or up to the elbows in dishwater.


  Once Alexa has you properly trained you can ask anything. Had lots of fun. Lightbulbs and a new Dot for upstairs coming soon. Also great for dropping in to other dots. Fabulous idea for someone needed a bit of support at home. Would be great for emergencies if you cant reach the phone. Just as Alexa to ring 999. The possibilities are endless 


  Great little speaker, great sound nice that it’s been upgraded to a smart grey. Sadly bought speaker to inter grate with my Sonos 1 but no matter how I’ve tried can not get BBC 2.  Amazon/Sonos say they are looking in to it.  Seems, after reading the forums on the subject I’m not the only one with this problem.


  Product exceeded our expectations and has replaced our previous music centre/radio. A first class product with fantastic interaction with Alexa. Looks good and sounds good . Do not know why we did not purchase one sooner - we would be lost without it.


  I was slightly sceptical when deciding if I should purchase the amazon echo dot or not. As it was part of the prime day deals, i thought that I wouldn't be losing out on much if i bought it, so I went ahead with it and I couldn't be happier with this decision! This product is a great way to listen to music as the sound quality is a lot better than I expected it to be. As well as this, the Alexa integration is a great feature. It is very useful when wanting to perform simple tasks such as defining a word or checking the weather. It definitely saves you the hassle of going on the internet to look for these things. Overall, I am very happy with this purchase!


  This product works really well and has great sound for such a small object. The voice recognition is good and it can even pick up speaking from a different room if required. It is able to respond accurately to me and all of my family, including the kids!


  Absolutely brilliant it has revolutionised our life. In addition it has drastically improved our cooking. Whether it is booked eggs chips or a joint Alexa 's reminders ensure perfection. A total recommend O don't k ow how I ever managed without it.


  Excellent for playing music. Excellent at answering any questions relating to the usual such as time, weather etc. I did find it hard to connect to a smart tv, but other than that very good.


  Love everything about echo sound quality excellent  no more scrolling through phone for playlists and radio stations no more shouting upstairs.. teas ready ... and any questions .....just ask Alexa...she knows everything .....mmm how did I live without it


  I never thought I’d own one of these, as very sceptical about privacy etc. However I received one as a present and have thoroughly enjoyed it. I’m a Basic prime member and to be honest the amount of music which is now available to me and the family at a simple command is fantastic. Cd collection is redundant!My 4 year old also uses it, getting Alexa to meow like a cat or tell a story or play a game ... cheap baby sitter :)The sound quality is good for a small speaker but a bit limited, so have plugged it into my existing sound system .


  Voice recognition works well, maybe it's a bit hard to overshout when you are listening to loud music tho. :) Which, it does pretty fine, good enough quality to have a little fun with your favorite songs.Setup... can be a little messy depending on how you do it but we managed, so it's not rocket science.


  Great little device. Looks good on a small shelf. Much smaller than I expected. Sound okay but can’t expect Bose sound especially for £20 approx cost. Responsive and accurate.  Easy to set up. Clock display good goes really dim in bedroom when dark


  I resisted these things for as long as I could, but as with the Kindle, once I gave it I never looked back. They are brilliant. So impressed was I that I even bought one for my father, who technologically is still in 1975. Even he can use it!


  Bought this for my daughter for a xmas present, she absolutely loves it. Very responsive and do exactly what she wants it to do.Playing music, answering questions such as weather and anything she can possibly think of, can be quite funny too.


  Very neat little piece of equipment with many different uses.I bought mine predominantly to play music and I am impressed with the ease of use particularly for my husband who has mobility problems. No more getting up to put on CD 's. I would think it would be great for anyone who lives alone and needs help with things like this  Not to mention the advantage of having a voice in the house! Very easy to set up and use.Even silver surfers can use Artificial Intelligence!Would highly recommend.


  Great price as bought this on Black Friday sale.. easy to set up with the Alexa app and use.. even my 3 year old daughter can talk to Alexa (which isn’t always a good thing lol). I already have an amazon music account which made things easier although still haven’t worked out how to control my fire tv with it yet but learning as I go


  I really love this little device. It's so functional, and it also looks great. I bought this during the Christmas sales, so it was a really great bargain. I don't have anything bad to say about this; It is great at recognising my voice, it has a really quality speaker, it can do many useful things.


   Quite easy tos et up. On the vid it is playing on Amazon music but you can use lots of other streaming apps such as Spotify, iTunes , Deezer ect. Alarms and reminders work well so far, and the sound quality is good. When I brought this it was on sale for £30 which is extremely good for money.


  Love it! But didn't understand the Skills at first.... And wouldn't play BBC radio at all... because of a dispute with tune in. I've found away around it by setting up the Radio player skill {Alexa ask Radio player to play BBC radio 2] and it does. Set the echo dot up faster than the echo 3rd gen in the lounge. After fidling with it for a few days you get more and more out of it...  Keep adding skills. Rain sounds to help you sleep are brilliant....


  This is our 5th addition to our alexa family. We uses them consistently throughout the day. So helpfull to have around . And can activate hundereds of new skill for it to do on the alexa app


  I bought this for someone else in my work and someone ended up getting me one too. Its great to have, great sound off it, understanding abilities are nearly 100% but the Scottish accent throws it off sometimes. My mates asked it to make fart noises the other night and it did it! Didn't expect that. Would highly recommended.


  Find it very helpful. Sound quality good. My health is not good so it gives me the security of being able to contact my family immediately. Enjoy the daily questions as it keeps my brain working lol. Still haven't looked into all the functions available but am very pleased with it.


  This is the second Echo Dot that I have purchased.  It acts as an alarm clock, timer, radio, plays me music,sends announcement to the other people in the house.  The Echo Dot is a mine of information and I do not know how we managed without it.


  Brillent little device. Has a pretty good sound for it being such a small speaker. Theres some fun things you can ask alexa i.e. what does a hampster sound like?Can link the mobile to it and play music from my playlists aswell as amazon music.


  Has as amazing deep, rich sound, much like my echo, nothing like what you’d expect. Perfect if you want a speaker that is compact to take away etc but don’t want to compromise on sound quality. A definite must if you’re thinking of upgrading from the dot 1st generation which I did, and rather than the old one sitting in the cupboard, I bought a rechargeable speaker to house it in, to take it in the garden. The dot 3rd generation gets a 5/5 on every aspect.


  I have a regular echo and a 2nd Gen echo dot so I have a lot of experience with these devices. I really like the 3rd gen. It looks, feels and sounds better than before. Sound quality is very good given its size and multiple times better than the 2nd Gen. If you’re wondering which one to buy, I suggest getting this. I’m really impressed esp for the price which was discounted for Black Friday. Recommended.


  Bought for a bargain price in a sale.It's been faultless. I now have 4 of the 3rd generation in my flat and they are quite literally a lifesaver after having brain damage, alexa reminds me of stuff and stops me flooding or burning down the place.


  Easy to set up and voice recognition excellent. Don't load the Alexa app onto more than one smart phone it caused lots of problems. We had to delete all the apps from all but one phone then start set up again, it has worked fine since then


  Honestly you can have hours of fun with Alexa, lots of good features, great for music and quizzing about anything, got some ok jokes but not got a sense of sarcastic humour like Siri has, but We have an Alexa in our kitchen and I’m contemplating getting one for each room so you can talk and announce things to each other


  Alexa.... play radio, play music, send a text, add something to the shopping list, email the shopping list, control the house temperature, switch off the lights, answer trivia questions .... it goes on and on - we love it - it's in the kitchen with no external speaker - if we want good sound we bluetooth to the TV soundbar system.Setup a doddle :-)


  I already have an Alexa and an echo however due to working from home I purchased the dot for my home office. It sits perfectly on my desk and I find the sound quality and voice recognition fantastic.


  Cute and little. I have alexa 1st gen and must say that im very impressed with how the quality of the sound and the mic has improved. The echo dot 3rd gen sounds better and picks commends better. :)


  Fantastic piece of equipment so easy to use and the response time is amazing. The price makes it affordable to most people. People mention the sound quality , for the price you can not complain. I would recommend the Echo Dot to anyone reading this.


  Bigger and heavier than the 2nd generation Dots, this third generation is a good improvement all round.  Sound quality isn’t going to satisfy HiFi enthusiasts when listening to music but it’s OK and a step up from the earlier versions.  For the money, it’s great value!


  For such a small item it’s packs a lot in. The sound is very good, obviously not in league of the Echo Spot but good for its size.Brilliant voice recognition and love being able to control my Firestick by voice.The instructions could have been better ie took me a whole day to realise you could switch on “follow up “ to keep asking it to do something rather than say Alexa each time.Be a brill if you could have a custom wake word as well rather than set by Amazon.


  I love the sound, for a little speaker it packs a punch. I dislike Alexa’s American accent though and I’ve not found a way to change it if in fact, you can change it. All our other Alexa speakers have a British accent. I’ve no problem with American accents in general but this voice grates!


  Got this in the Black Friday sale for £25. It's a great smart speaker and my children love to make Alexa bark, meow and play random songs. Youngest likes to listen to stories and play the Animal game. I like being able to listen to the radio and my favourite songs. A welcome addition to our home, but I'm not convinced that it's worth the usual £50 price tag.


  Tone is more mellow compared to the Generation 2 device that I also have. Remarkably heavy, must be a big speaker magnet. Ideal where you do not have room for the Echo cylindrical model and can accept a slightly reduced tone quality.Build quality appears excellent as with all Amazon Alexa devices.


  I Love EVERYTHING About It And, The Fact That I Can Listen To Music Through It And, I Can Also Play My OWN MUSIC That Is Stored In My Phone! I Can Make Calls Through It Too, Without Being Connected To My Phone Via BLUETOOTH! Great Product And I Highly Recommend This To Everyone  And Anyone!!!!!⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐


  My son loves Alexa! We have had so much fun listening to different animal noises and songs/nursery rhymes. The speak is rather loud for it being very small and the quality is decent enough too.I am going to be ordering another one for upstairs and can't wait to eventually link my lights up to it.


  Useful for so many things- I use mine mainly for catching up on the news, playing music and for alarms/timers/reminders. Corresponding app is a bit slow but it's still a great item and I got it on sale so was extra good value for money.


  What’s not to like. Brilliant. Sits in the kitchen and Is great. Linked to lights and smart devices around the house. For the size the sound quality is great. And it’s a good addition that you can turn off the mic so she isn’t always listening.


  I have the audible books which this reads for me. Also loving the instant music, and setting the time. This is a new toy so I've not put it to full use.  I look forward to its further uses


  Fantastic device. So useful for day to day life I.e. shopping lists, reminders, looking up recipes, wanting news headlines  etc.The sound is rich and clear.Haven’t bought any smart plugs, lights etc yet so can’t comment but I will be in the near future.


  My husband loves this.  He is a complete technophobe and now all he has to do is ask Alexa & she does it for him.  He can even sit in the chair and get her to turn the heating up for him!!


  I like the time shown and I like the fact that it integrates with my unit in the kitchen I use them daily, if anyone knows of a cheap but good sound quality I would like to know about it .


  Damn , wish I got one years ago. I thought they were a bit pricey but I got this when it was on sale but now Ive tried it I would have paid the regular price if I knew how good it is.Place it on something like a wooden shelving unit or cupboard and it helps kick the base even more.


  I love the Echo Dot. It's such a clever device and had so many different uses. My son has learning difficulties and he finds it easy to use. Once connected with Amazon Music he loves that he can ask it to play anything. We've had great fun with it over Christmas.


  The sound quality for the size of this is very good. It's good to use for radio or music. So far Alexa has worked well and understood commands. The skills are good to, the more skills enabled, the more Alexa can do, some are just for fun but some are quite useful.


  I always wanted a echo dot and when this went on offer i was delighted. Its works fantastic answers back promptly and it can even tell you what on tv! Only thing i get annoyed with (and thats not Alexa's fault) is my brats think its funny to walk in a tell Alexa to play something else!


  I read the reviews and did wonder if the speaker on the Echo Dot would be adequate, but it's great. I also have a couple of smart bulbs and plug sockets so I have the lounge lighting voice controlled - it makes me think how great this technology is for disabled and elderly people. I also use it to listen to music on spotify and learning other skills all the time.  I prefer the smaller Dot, as it's less obtrusive than the larger tower-shaped Echo devices. Might get one for the bedroom next.


  It took a while to ensure Alexa comprehends what I am asking eg: BBC radio 2 sometimes is difficult to find and Alexa tries some Welsh radio programmes for some reason! I enunciate all of my words so eventually get the correct station etc.


  What a great upgrade. Better sound, better response to command there is little to compare the two. A great improvement to the DOT 2 which in itself was very good. The DOT 3 with a clock, for a tenner more, is well worth getting as one can have a visual countdown timer.  My first DOT 3 with a clock was sent back after the display failed.


  Once the app is downloaded to your PC/Mobile/Computer and the installation instructions have been followed, the unit is versatile and good fun. I have a Google ‘Prime’ a/c so that helps a lot.Heaven help someone who has a friend named Alexa though!It keeps the family (and the cat) amused!


  How did we ever live without Alexa? This is the third Echo we've bought and now have full coverage in our home. Setup is a breeze as was connecting our various smart devices. A far better system than Google's current offering with a much simpler interface for your smart home


  Easy to set up. Good fun bit of tech.Dont expect too much at the start....only really comes into it's own when linked to lights and switches etc....ok if you just want music too..careful with the voice ordering on your amazon...the kids could run up a bill


  I love this new generation of Dot. The sound is sooo much more better than the original one that I have. It puts out a good amount of volume and with a nice range. I bought it to go in my little girl's playroom. She absolutely loves it too!


  Absolutely love the amazon dot, its interaction and swift giver of information is fantastic . The speaker is very clear and powerful, it occasionally falters trying to understand a yorkshire dialogue it still gets 110% recommendation. The amount of information it holds is vast .


  No dislikes all likes Alexa has a personality and a sense of humour she can do everything from switch on lights dimming them , finding and changing tv channel on your smart tv music ask Alexa and she can play it she interstates with the kitchen LEDs to create a Minnie night club in your kitchen she puts on my washing machine takes note of my shopping list she’s AMAZING


  Love the dot have it in my bedroom use it as an alarm,weather forecast,radio my first Alexa I have in my lounge use her for music,recipes etc,both presents from my Son and daughter in law wouldn't be without them,set up took 2 mins love it


  Always liked gadgets, but this echo dot is well worth the money, has brought our household into a new era ! As we live in a rural area it has brought us Radio stations we could never have received the conventional way,Out FM radio is now consigned to the loftWill get another one soon


  Well worth wait from Xmas for new stock to arrive.  Signed up for music with Amazon - great to get music you want to listen to without trying to find CD and get music player to play.  Brings back memories from past.  Can get info instantly, even quicker than using internet on tablet.  Just starting to find out other uses.  Well worth money, especially as cheaper than exactly same model by daughter bought herself at Christmas.


  Bought for my daughter at Christmas (who said she didn't want one!). She has found it fascinating and fun - and so have we! Some of the answers Alexa gives to questions are really interesting, and my daughter listens to Harry Potter daily on it and all the music she wants (from Amazon, of course). Terrific!


  Its my third Echo dot. I love them! What did I do before these? Great for news,info,weather,jokes,reminders,shopping lists,turning kettle and lights on/off and helping me relax with meditation or beautiful rain sounds to help me sleep not forgetting the music and lots more too.A very good friend!


  On my second Alexa now as my first one had a faulty speaker by the looks of things as it got progressively more crackly and distorted over the few weeks I had it, but I rang their Alexa Support line and had a replacement sent out free of charge. Originally there was a 3 day wait for delivery but when I checked my orders the next day it told me it was out for delivery. Absolutely amazing customer service, especially at around 7pm at night!The device itself is incredibly useful, I use it to control my lights, play music, as an alarm clock and so much more, definitely worth the money!


  I'm new to Amazon echo dots, so I'm still learning but so far I'm really impressed with the echo dot. I use it as a Bluetooth speaker, a Wikipedia type of device and to remind me to do things etc. The sound quality is actually very good! I'm sure that after a little more practice, I'll be an expert 


  I have a google hub in the kitchen but got this free with a hive thermostat. It resides in the living room and is a terrific addition to a smart home. I was so impressed that I bought an echo spot which is in our bedroom. Music a clock, weather forecaster and an encyclopaedia all in one. I’m sold. Next the smart light bulbs and doorbell/camera. Impressive array of things it can do. If only it could cut the grass!!!


  Literally 2 minute set up and I'm up and running. Shopping, music, radio, weather and useless facts. Sound quality is surprisingly good and can hear it all over the house, clear as a bell


  Got this a present for the home. I must admit, it works wonders and the kids are enjoying asking all the questions in the world. I find it quite amusing and a very good addition to our amazon family of products and services. Well done Amazon!


  This Echo Dot sits in the bedroom and so we now have a communicator between it and the Echo in the kitchen. The Dot has similar functionality to the bigger Echo and the sound is surprisingly good.


  Took far too long to set up as it wasnt connecting to my wifi at all and a few times just disconnected. Didnt register my voice/what i was saying at first either (probably my accent?) however once everthing was working properly, it was perfect! Great speaker quality and volume. Would definitely recommend :)


  There are many features to Alexa & Echo but I like the ease to ask to start with " Alexa play Spotify " "Alexa play BBC news" Alexa play Radio" "Alexa add milk to my shopping list" . Alexa Echo is a fixer and a life enhancer every day! Thank you! Alexa links to so many platforms!


  I am very pleased with this but haven't been able to use to it's full potential yet.  I feel the sound qualityWill be clearer once I have linked it upvia Bluetooth to a peripheral speaker.


  Got this to try if we would like it or use it as it was a great price.My only regret is I didn’t order more as we use it everyday for all different types of things.The kids love it too and we can’t wait to buy more and some smart plugs to sync with it too


  I waited until this was £29.99 and I am not disappointed,we use it all the time, I leave it on for my dog when I am at work, she likes 80's rock!its great to ask questions, and ask Alexa to play music from the year you were born.it was easy to set up too. well worth it


  Voice recognition was not very good but rest works as the original Type which I’ve had a few years now. Works well with the automated vice commands for controlling other smart devices. Downside is you need several around the house to do the controlling.


  Use if for my bedroom.  She wakes me up. Switches my lights on. Tells me the time. Date anything I want.  Helps me order shopping. Find my phone and much more.  Also hilarious she has so many funny comebacks and features I love it so much.  The speaker is perfect for my songs too.


  We have Alexa in our house. This one is on my bedroom. The only complaint is that you can only set alarms daily or weekly. I want to set alarms for each week day except one day and you can’t do it, unless you set four separate alarms. Other than that it’s great.


  I have only recently got the Echo Dot. I found it easy to set up. Although I'm still learning everything  it can do but so far I'm very impressed. I just ask it what it can do and it tells me. Really like its ease of use. Tell it to remind you to do things and at what time and hey presto it does. I've so far not asked it a question it cant answer. It reads my Kindle books to me, plays music, sorts my shopping lists and lots more. Love it.


  Had the gen 2 version and loved it. This is a little bigger but as the last I love it. The Alarm, the different things you can do with this is amazing. I've purchased switches and sockets to work with this product and it works perfectly. No issues at all. Another great product. Recommended 100%


  Bought as a Xmas gift - one of the best gifts received,.Worth it for just the music alone however does lots of other functions which I am still finding out.Well made,unobtrusive,good tone,really pleased with it Would highly recommend


  We now have two dots and one echo. All are linked, play music everywhere and connect to the doorbell. We use to switch lights on and off (plug) and we love listening to music in the three rooms they are in. Great devices


  Personally I love the reminders and the diary, which is mainly what I bought it for. The rest is all good fun and works well for a non tech minded person. I have since enjoyed adding some remote/voice activated smart sockets and light bulbs that are a real treat 


  Alexa is a great addition to my kitchen. She is small but with a superb sound quality. She has been asked many obscure questions and usually has the answer. I mostly use her to play music though.  I am not very good at technical things but had no problem setting her up. I love her.


  I use todoist and the echo dot integrates perfectly, allowing me to add reminders, shopping very easily. I also have hive and can control the house temp etc. with a few words.Totally happy and I keep looking for other integrations.


  I really wanted it to listen to the radio, as I do my ironing.  My house has an usual layout, so to listen to the radio when I am doing the ironing,  I have to get the computer.  This way I can put my echo dot there and leave it.  Happy ironing!!


  Excellent little gadget which we use for many more things than I first thought! Doesn’t take up any room and can easily be moved from one to another if needed. Recognises our voices extremely well - delighted with our purchase.


  Thought they was a waste of money and didn’t need or want one. Well thank god for Father’s Day when mine arrived it’s absolutely brilliant and every home we’re compatible should have one


  It’s about a few tweaks from being perfect ! Does most things voice needs to be clear as a bell for recognition  and sometimes gets caught in a loop and you start Arguing with Alexa because she repeats herself..... but that’s few and far between


  My husband bought me this because his workmates kept talking about it. I've enjoyed and use it daily so much so that Mick bought me the new echo 8 because I can use the screen for baking which I love. The Alexa dot will go into the bedroom. Debbie


  Only had this a couple of days so yet to find out how much it can do, or its shortcomings. But so far I’m impressed. It was very easy to set up using the app. It’s small and unobtrusive and the sound from the speaker though hardly hi fi is just as good as my digital radios for playing music, I don’t feel the need to attach another speaker. I’m looking forward to finding out just how useful it’s going to be.


  Bought for my husband (who was sceptical about it), but it is in regular use. mainly for news and music, but we appreciate it can do so many other things and we are learning each day. Excellent purchase.


  Love it. I got it for my room at uni so I can easily control it whilst studying. I personally think it was a great buy and was money well spent. I can easily research things without having to turn my phone back on and get distracted by socials. Although some terminology in Law is rather wordy and confusing Alexa picks it up, obviously there are some words that it doesn't pick up and has misheard. It's also very Good for when your friends come over or you're hosting pre drinks to put a bit of music on. People can just queue their own music via the app.


  I love this, it's easy to use and fantastic quality. Even my children use it! It's so handy to have around and much quicker to use than pulling out a phone etc to play music or going onto Google etc to ask a question. The sound quality is also great. I can link it up to my TV to control it as well whick is very handy when I lose the remote!


  Absolutely brilliant!  Grandchildren have Old Town Road and Shot Gun playing on a loop if I let them.  Race to get ready for school against Alexa.  Thinking of getting a second one for upstairs in the office.  Can't fault it.


  The Echo Dot seems a good unit it took a bit to connect to other smart devices as the instructions for either party wasnt that good they missed out relevant parts of what to do next to connect so took me a few goes to connect when connected works well and follows instructions


  It is a nice size, not standing out too much. As long as there is no background noise Alexa responds instantly and is very clear. Plays music, answers questions and has quizes and riddle of the day. Entertaining and helpful. Would recommend.


  arrived promptly tried to link deezer account but link button wont work. looked online and lots of people having same problems.  i have asked for help feed back so will update later.  Cusomer services sorted my problem promptly I can now link my music accounts.  good buy .


  I have so much fun using this item. Great value for the price I use it mainly for turning on the light, asking general knowledge questions etc


  Loved receiving this for Christmas! It has helped me remember lists, play music, send messages to my family and ask questions. It has changed my life because it is so much easier for me to speak than type something. Would definitely recommend to people why are struggling with mobility


  I accidentally bought this in the Black Friday sale! Only remembered when I got the dispatch notification! I was tempted to return it as I’d never actually considered having one before but was curious to see what it did. Thankfully I gave it a go & it is now used regularly in our household, mostly for music. The sound quality is surprisingly very good for such a small speaker. I’ve just ordered another one for upstairs!


  Bought primarily because time is shown on this Echo Dot which is useful at times. Supplements other compatible devices which can quite easily be played all together which I like to do occasionally. Good product at a great price!


  This is our 2nd Echo Dot, whilst also in possession of the Echo Flex.Great gadgets even with our very poor internet (3Mbs Up/down) good streaming of international radio and music channels.  Lot of fun to change the name (trigger word)....


  I bought this to enable voice acitivation of some WiFi switches and devices that I have recently acquired and it's enabled me to do this. However, there's much more to this device than that and I'm having a ball realising the dice's full potential and convenience which it offers.


  We’re are a family that is slowly becoming a smart home, therefore I thought it only right to buy one for my sons bedroom and he is amazed by it. It has kept him behaving much better and provides lots of fun.


  Once connected it is a great piece of kit. I love that I can set the alarm close, get it to read me a book. The sound quality is brilliant, the music sound is great. Like it so much getting another for upstairs.


  Looks very nice, I like the lights and colour, sounds good, Alexa is very good at recognising your voice, playing music, answering questions etc. We have 2 now, slowly building up our additions.


  I ordered my Alexa in December when it was on offer at £29.99 i had to wait till March to get it...Good things comes to those who wait! i have trouble sleeping and i put some lovely spa music on and i was off like a light! you can have multiple alarms and its just a great little gadget to have wish i bought 2!!


  I had toyed with getting something like this or the Google equivalent for a couple of years. Saw the Black Friday offer and went for it. I love it - so do the family. Sounds is amazing for the size of the item. It's so small and neat. Love asking it questions - maybe it's a novelty at the moment but it's great. The kids even ask it to tell them a joke & she comes up with some pretty good ones. Wish I'd got one sooner.


  So happy with Slexa, no more spending hours on DAB Radio trying to reach required,(or even any,)station.Good alarm call every morning.  Listen to personal music anytime ,check time, check weather,and thsts just for starters.I'm still exploring,but very happy.


  My daughter bought me this Echo Dot for Christmas, and I love it!  Im certainly no teckie, but I managed to set it up myself, with a little help from Amazon, so now I have great sounding music (the speaker sounds great for a little one) and more in an instant and its enough for me!  Thanks Dottie (and Amazon of course!)


  Works great if you want to listen to music, get the news or weather, set a alarm to play your fav music or be woken up to the news and weather, get the latest traffic reports for your area and lots more.I would highly recommend this product.


  First thing I’ve bought that’s ‘smart’.I can’t believe the sound for such a small piece of equipment. Love the colour and how it matches with my decor. It’s compact too which is amazing as it doesn’t take up much room.Still learning everything as only got it this morning but already felt the need to write a review.Oh and it was even better as it was dispatched from amazon prime brand new for 99pBut I’m now going to buy one for each room even though their back at full price


  We love our Echo dot! and at this price was even better value for money!Great sound, and no problems with connectivity.It goes great with our decor and its great that we can now play music throughout the house!We will be purchasing more Alexa products in the future.


  I’m not being forced to write a good review by Alexa, not at all. Alexa definitely doesn’t control the lights, tv, kettle, forces me to wake up on time every day and she’s not got any plans whatsoever to take over the curtains at all.(Send help)


  Overall I am very happy with my Alexa.  Sometimes the response time when requesting to play music is very slow, not sure why. I haven't yet check out all of its features. the sound is great, also works well when connected via Bluetooth.


  Love it I wished we had got one sooner.Had to enable a sports app so my husband can get horse racing results from itLove listening to the music if I don't know a song I just say alexa skip or pause etc. I would recommend this product


  Having criticised this product in a previous review I have now had a change of heart. A neighbours son who had spent 4hrs attempting set up,  plus talking to Amazon helpline attempting to  get 2 Alexas working managed to do so with mine .It seems the set up instructions are not as clear as they might be something that needs addressing.Now it is working it is fine, as I already have Alexa on my Fire Tablet it is as I anticipated it would be, ie more convenient.


  Haven't had it long and still getting used to it, but loving the way that it interacts with what you ask it to do and have found it really useful for reminding us and creating lists and Todo's. Brilliant for getting up to date info on weather, news and finding out general info. Highly recommend getting one.


  Bought 2 of these £50 each, 4 weeks later down to £25,gutter but way it is, great little device, ask it what winning lottery numbers will be, its funny, recommend them, good seller arrived next day. Bought another since then for gift.


  I’ve just had hip arthroplasty and cannot bend etc so I’ve bought the echo dot for downstairs to help with switching on lamps etc. I already have the echo spot by my bed which is a great help again with bedside lamp, alarm and very clear radio reception. Really pleased.


  I got my Alexa echo dot when they were on offer, great bargain & brilliant gadget. I got it along with the Alexa smart plug, I've since got another item to connect to Alexa. Might get another Echo Dot some when for another room, I'd recommend it to anyone that's thinking about getting one (They're so easy to set up & connect other things to it)


  I had the echo dot gen 2 previously, which had major connection issues. This one has worked flawlessly so far, and the design is really cool. Personally I prefer the black one, but I went with the white one to match my room aesthetic.


  I'm not one for the latest technologies, but wanted a speaker to play music from my mobile and decided this was even better. I'm soo pleased with it. The sound quality is great and as we were already prime members we have access to loads of tunes. Plus i can find out the latest weather, news and well... Anything else! Love it!!!


  The quality of sound is better with more bass than the second generation. The only problem I have is that, as I get older my hearing is not as good as it once was and I would like some adjustment to increase the treble when listening to speech. Apart from that it really is a nicely made item and looks good anywhere.


  all the features of the old one but now with a decent speaker. seriously the sound just got cranked up to 100% better with this new echo dot. I haven't had any issues with connection and it's integrated fine with the older echo model's that are now being used in the bedroom's.All in all 5 happy stars :)


  Returned. Good looking product but pointless if you are an Apple Music subscriber, because unlike the description says..... it definitely will NOT work with Apple Music, even once linked.


  Truly amazed by this product and it’s voice recognition abilities, I would easily compare it to my iPhone and other apple devices and in some respects imho it exceeds them for this.The real strength in the product is it’s integration with connectable products which in turn make it more and more useful.


  I love this. It may be small but it’s mighty. It’s easy to use and the sound is clear. I love music which is one of the main reasons I purchased it. I can play all my favourite songs. As members of my family and a few friends have them too, I can now talk to them via my Echo Dot.


  Really amazing gadget, I use alexa to control almost everything in my room, always recognises me, always does what I ask it to do, has a huge range of skills and features and a surprisingly good quality speaker. Excellent value for money, best purchase ever !


  I think it's the best alarm clock for my son.   helps him with the multiplication table, plays his favorite music, wakes him to school, this is something new in our home.  it's very fun.


  Seems to do everything the bigger Alexa does, like the announce capability- means I can request tea from bedroom (where echo is) to Alexa in kitchen! Only works if husband there of course. Also works visa versa if wanting someone to surface.


  Brilliant!I have it bluetoothed to my main stereo or through my sardine speaker when in the kitchen. With additional smart plugs I have linked in lights in the lounge, dining room and conservatory. Have set up schedules so as lights come on at dusk. Integrated it with my calendar and contacts for reminders and hands free calling. Even have the dog “skill” set up to bark and keep our great Pyrenean entertained. And have only scratched the surface! Great, great fun!


  Amazing! I highly recommend this 3rd generation Echo Dot and the improvement in sound quality compared to that of the previous generations is very noticeable and welcome indeed. Such an improvement in fact that personally, there is no need to connect the Dot to a Bluetooth speaker as I tend to do for the 2nd generation Dot I already own. Of course if you require a major sound system then you may still wish to connect to a speaker.The 3rd generation Dot sounds so much better and has much more depth in sound without the 'tinny' sound of the previous model. My previous Dot has been put to good use in the bedroom.Overall, Amazon have clearly made vast improvements notably regarding sound quality and form factor.


  I was recommended this as I was looking for a speaker. This ticked all the boxes and I love having audible to listen to books at night,  I can programme it to switch off at a set length of time.  Love it!!


  I love being able to call up music or other audio from every room without having to use my tv or ipod when my hands are full.  Alexa only let me down once.  I would like a little more treble, but the sound quality is excellent and controllable.


  I absolutely love this, i really dont know how i have managed without 1 Its fab for music, calling people from your contacts, alarms, information, and thats just to name a few!Quick & easy set up too


  Took the place of our kitchen radio - plays so much more with streaming music and various radio stations, just ask. Answers most questions, very pleased. Also use for Skype audio.


  I have purchased 4 of these now for family members and it is amazing. I love all genres of music and just ask Alexa to play songs and she does. I love it!!!!!I ask for news/weather updates, recipes, answers to crosswords etc... etc...etc.


  Bought this under recommendation, and it doesn't disappoint...this little item has really brought me into the 21st century...its a real gem, even gives you a shopping list too...Brilliant...buy one, you won't be disappointed.


  Great wee product, efficient and handy for transporting nice looking aesthetically pleasing . Good purchase considering other units from the range.Bona Fide review from a purchaser DHB


  Absolutely brilliant. Had resisted this purchase for a long time but when it came on offer had to buy. Sound quality fantastic. Really handy when listening to music and cooking in kitchen. Will be purchasing more for other rooms of house.


  I've now purchased my 3rd Echo Dot for the house as I love them, they are so handy to have either for telling the kids their dinner is on the table or playing music and audio books around the house.  I don't know what I'd do without them now.


  This was bought for me as a Christmas present. I would never have bought one myself but must admit I am hooked. I use it mainly to listen to music, either from Apple Music or my Amazon music library. Only problem I've had is that occasionally it doesn't understand what I'm asking for and will play something other that the track I've requested, which I find funny at first and then irritating! All in all though I'm really pleased with it


  I brought this as a replacement for an alarm clock but it’s so much more my wife who doesn’t do technology loves it and is forever asking Alexa to play music we will be buying some smart switches in the future but for now I’m so impressed


  This little Dot, was a Christmas gift for me and my husband, it’s still early days yet, but so far we like it. It’s nice to be able to ask Alexa to play music while we are just resting. Lots to learn still, but would highly recommend.Little


  Voice recognition fails to fully understand what I say all the time, but most of the time gets it spot on!I have to admit, I did not expect such a good sound quality coming from such a tiny product! It's really comparable to a JBL Go2, about the same size!Just like everyone else, I'm wondering why haven't I bought this sooner! It's a good "companion" for when you're alone in a house!


  My youngest daughter loves our echo dot, she has developed sort of a relationship with Alexa :-))). Echo dot is very convenient, sounds quality is good. The only issue is that Alexa doesn't recognise some devices and those cannot be connected. Overall good value for money.


  Brilliant addition to my DALI speaker set up...Connect via audio jack or BluetoothThe voice recognition is very good even with the volume turned up very highThe internal speaker is ok, imagine it would be fine as a bedroom alarm clock, in the shed, garage etc


  Loved these so much we bought another 5 one for each room and 2 connected to the Tv for surround sound! We have connected them to our Ring doorbell & Alexa reminds us of family appointments and alarms! Multi room music is fantastic... Best Buy of the year!


  First time we’ve got a smart speaker, got it in the sale.  Didn’t think it would be of any use, but now use it all the time. So easy to turn radio on or stream music.My children likes it when she tells jokes or does a trump too.


  Great addition to the house, she just seems to know when we have visitors and plays up like we speak a different language or doesn’t know how to switch on lights anymore


  I am surprised that you can get such quality sound out of such a small device. The Echo Dot also manages to receive the WiFi signal when it is at the furthest point from our router which is better than most our other devices. Still to explore all the functions in detail but overall a great purchase, exceptional value for money.


  Easy to set up for a first-time user. Would be really great if this could link to local transport Apps (eg live bus running times) - had assumed this was the case when I purchased as a gift for an elderly relative. Other features work well


  I like the echo.the news the quality is really good and also when you talk to where she answers your command sometimes we all dislike is sometimes it does go off and you have to unplug it and we put it back in but apart from that it’s good


  Sound quality isn't great but I only use it for speech radio (Radio 4), the weather forecast, etc.Otherwise excellent- I have Fire tablets and Fire TV, so this is just one for the bedroom and at the price a good purchase


  So easy to install. We have two which work independently of each other. So far we have used them as alarms, get latest news, favourite music and weather checks. There is so much more we can do when we get the time to set it up fully. We still have to learn about how secure it is and how private it is. But so far, very impressed.


  Purchased 2 echo dots for stereo in Bedroom and perfect sound. These are my 6th purchase in echo family and the 3rd generation dot by far exceeds older version. Great price at 50% reduction and cheap stereo sound system for £50. Highly recommend.


  This is the third Echo we have in the house, we love them!This one is my 6 year old daughter's - has no problem recognising her voice. She can spend hours talking to Alexa and asking various questions.We have fun sending each other messages via Alexa too Very easy to set up and sound quality seems just as good as the Echo.


  I have a “show me” Alexa down stairs , open stairways, I sleep on upstairs landing so I shout down  my orders to Alexa , so now  I have  echo dot next to my bed and  I  only have to whisper  my orders now, very handy.  My teenage son is teaching  me  what other things it can do , wow!


  I was skeptical of this technology but having played about with it for a few days it has become an important part of my life. Simple things like composing a shopping list as I always forget items on the weekly visit to the Shop are so useful.Being a man I am terrible at remembering Birthdays.. Not any more!! Thank you Alexa for being the other woman in my life


  Being an older person new to lots of technology I am enjoying keeping in touch with family during lockdown. Quick and easy contact.  Also with Amazon purchases delivery info. etc.  Music etc.


  This little dot is great fun.I have alarms set for during the day.I have it singing to me when I say a certain phrase...."Good morning dot"... plays lovely day by bill withersI can ring my sister on it as we prepare tea or watch a programme at the same time.Love it


  The sound is *almost* as good as a full sized Echo.The Gen 1 & 2 are very high in treble, with no existent bass and sound breaking up at 80% plus - THIS ONE is pretty much as good as my full sized echo.Perfect for kids, students etc.


  Originally had remote control power sockets that have over time stopped working. Decided to look at cost of smart plugs and then realised I could ask Alexa to control power on lamps and home cinema items. Haven’t really explored all the things Alexa can do yet.


  I’ve got two dots one in bedroom one in kitchen.both good.so many things to try .only wish I could name the main Alex a another name because when  the t.v advertising comes one my Alexa starts flashing. Other wise we are really pleased .looking to buy one for our television room .


  I have to say that I already own the Echo dot gen 2 and as I have recently installed the Hive system and I wanted access all over my house to control my lights, Heating and appliances (Kettle) with the smart plug and thought I would get another Echo dot. After logging on to Amazon there was an advert for the NEW Echo dot and at £24.99 it was a no brainer, and ordered it straight away. WOW the sound is amazing!!!! I love it, worth getting at this price.


  Really only using this for listening to music and my Audible books but proving excellent for that. So pleased I got one. I hadn't realised how much music was included in Amazon Prime.


  It is great just as expected, took me a while to connect the WiFi lamps but got there in the end.  It makes me laugh when I say Alexa good night, the reply is so varied and very funny


  Love it, i have missed the London radio stations since i moved to the west Country now i can listen til my hearts content! I just need to be able to block certain people from telling Alexa to change channels when I'm not listening


  No complaints, but she struggles a little bit for and with some things. Highly recommended because I know that Alexa is very useful and helpful and  I am hoping that a in real situation will really do her thing. Nice to have a friend.


  I have heard people talk about echo dot but did not realise what they were talking about until I bought one myself,it does away with almost 50% of my laptop work,  at the spoken word I can axcess untold information without having to type into the laptop, and music axcess is fantastic and all the add ons make it a must.


  reasonable sound quality for such a small speaker. Good range and little to no distortion, although to be expected it doesn't go very loud. This is my second one and you can beat them for price when thier below £30 and ease of use. great for activating compatible smart plugs.


  I have an Echo and the sound is excellent! Bought the Dot for the bedroom and am very pleased with it. It does everything the Echo does and whilst the sound quality is amazing for its size, on reflection I think it's worth paying a bit extra for the full sized Echo.


  I now have 4 of these devices and various forms and all work flawlessly.  This new addition the 'Dot' has been installed in my man cave and is really useful for making calls, asking technical question and listening to music. Absolutely brilliant with excellent sound quality too.


  Having used the echo dot 2 and been fairly impressed with it. I decided to get the new dot to see if it was any better. I was glad I did. It sounds far better and looks and feels much better than the previous dot. Getting it up and running was a breeze and I was connected in no time. Thinking of getting a couple more for the other rooms.


  I love the echo dot as it sits on my unit and speaks to me when I speak to it. For any person living on their own it provides company, and always answers whatever you ask it. Better than talking to a wall in a manner of speaking . It was easy to set up and I now look forward to obtaining more smart gadgets to go with it.


  I'm one of those people that didn't like the idea of an alexa.  I finally gave in and OMG its so much easier.  I have ME/CFS so suffer from memory problems.  So easy to get her to remind me of things.  Like having my own assistant.


  I bought this so I could improve having music everywhere as the 2nd gen dot was tinny.The speaker on this dot improves the sound quality no end and is almost on par with the echo I have in my main room.Everything else works exactly the same as other echoes.


  Great product. We bought this as a starter device mainly for our children as it was on offer. However it is more than adequate for our family and don’t feel we need to upgrade. It does everything we need, the speaker quality and volume is more than sufficient and the features are great too. Easy to set up. I would have preferred a slightly longer cable to allow placement in a more convenient place but it is long enough to allow it to sit on a table near a socket.


  Very impressed with Alexa great price too. Fabulous sound better than my CD player which cost far more and you can’t talk to it. With Alexa you can set reminders, alarms and much more. Play music and ask questions. Highly recommend Alexa.


  Alexa is part of our family, we ask her literally everything and sometimes my nine old son loves to fight with her when she doesn't answer his questions right, it's hilarious. Listening to my favourite music is so nice. I'm glad that I've got one in my house and will probably buy more for every room. Mind you, you have to subscribe to prime music otherwise you won't have music.


  I like Alexa. Enjoy the jokes, weather news, being able  to puck favourite radio stations and being asked if I would like Alexa to whisper.......When it’s very early in the morning???


  So far so good I’m liking the sound it’s really good. Only problem with the integration with Apple Music it’s hard to sync. So for example, let’s say you are playing your music on your phone and you say “Alexa, continue playing from Apple Music”, it doesn’t continue but starts playing another song from Apple Music. This works well with Spotify but not Apple Music. Please can this be amended?


  Best and worst thing I've ever bought. It's great for music, communicating with up or downstairs (I bought 2) finding out the weather, calender reminders, kids homework, helping the kids with their spellings, times tables etc. However I haven't found out yet how to get it to not recognise the kids voices, if I hear baby shark or Amazon making farting noises one more time..........


  For a small speaker this unit produces a decent sound, adjust the bass, mid and treble in the Alexa app to suit your taste. Alexa is a great AI and some of her responses are brilliant! The new styling of the echo range is soft, clean and unobtrusive and with 3 colours to choose from will sit well in most rooms. We are delighted with them.


  Having in wanting one for a long time now, and getting one christmas for a present i am loving it i use it all the time, just got to remember to mute the mices, as when someone on the tv says alexa my allexa springs into life, found mine so useul to find out about things really impressed as to what she can do, going to get some add on's for lights and plugs, would highly reconmend getting one if you are into tec and computers like myself, i loned my mine to my disabled freind and she loved it so getting her one for her birthday present. Next week in all very pleased with my alexa.


  Easy to use and set up, well made and very sturdy.  The things you can do with it are very impressive, from controlling other smart devices to answering questions and playing music. Really pleased with my purchase and would definitely recommend.


  Never thought we need anything like this before but after receiving it as a gift it's brilliant, we use it a lot and the sound quality for such a small piece of kit is unbelievable!We would have bought one ages ago had we known all the benefits.


  Nice little unit for our bedroom. Sounds pretty good and paired without any trouble. We have the big Alexa in our living room. Tells the time and the alarm works well too. Also plays all my Amazon music and I didn't even have to link the two units. Sits nicely on the bedside cabinet taking up no space at all. Looks great with our Dyson fan. Very pleased. I said Alexa goodnight, and she replied in her sexy voice "goodnight speak to you tomorrow". Brilliant.


  I now have an echo device in 3 of my rooms. The original is now in my bedroom, as I don't need brilliant  sound there.(Must say that the new echo dot sound is really good).The only trouble is that, I now have 3 redundant radios.


  People moaning about the sound quality are talking absolute nonsense. The quality of sound is significantly better than the speakers I use for my computer. Great bass considering how tiny it is. Sure, it’s probably not anywhere near as good a some sort of full on £2k Bose Sound System but it’s never going to be!It picks up my voice across a room with music on full blast.All round. I love it!


  Amazing. I love this. Only been using it for a few days but it’s great! So easy to set up too, did it in a few minutes. Definitely recommend. You can add sockets and bulbs later which is what I’m doing. Music sounds really good on it too


  Bought using my 30 day Prime trial.Sound is much better than the 2nd gen one.I now have 2 downstairs and another up.Shame Music Unlimited will cost me £10.00I may skip that for a while.Recommended if on sale.My radio alarm is now redundant.


  One of the best things that i have bought, it works so easily and the whole family uses it, including my 3 year old daughter. It seems to have any music you ask for,and i am sure i coukd use it alot more for other things.


  This is my 3rd Dot to add to my Alexa.All used mainly for separate jobs in the house [lighting for assistance in one room]but all available for timimg things, music and communicaton.


  Great product easy to set up (must be because I did it ) very happy with my purchase if you need more music choices you will need to pay for this service via amazon appThe  Alexa app has music but you can’t skip the advertising in between songs so I may upgrade to the amazon app eventuallyThe sound is great and is a neat device


  We have four dots and love them. Love that you can play music through the house, listen to the radio whilst moving from room to room. Handy for doing the shopping list as you go, setting reminders, timers in the kitchen, playing games...I could go on 


  Love it. Makes life tiny bit easier and comes with a great sound too. Paired it with smart bulb and now feel like a boss in my room hah. Would recommend for anyone keen on technology and trying to smarten things up in your house!

