
   I've been picking up Echo Dots when they've been on offer over the Summer. They're good speakers, but what makes them are the accessories you can get to go with them. I have a holder that hides away all the wiring and acts as an amplifier, improving the sound (Proud Bird Wall Mount Stands) as well as a battery base - the GGMM D3 - which makes it truly portable and is great for the summer or when you want to move around the house and take the Echo Dot with you. You can see them both in my video.


  This works well, although once the novelty wears off, I don't know how much I'll use it. I basically have it setup to turn the lights in rooms on and off, as my wife likes to turn on lots of side lights rather than use the main lights, this makes it very easy to switch everything off. I do feel like it's an overkill solution, but it does work, I also use to listed to music, and the speaker is good for my needs. I know it can do lots of other stuff, and I think it will grow into an incredibly useful system as things improve, and get easier to integrate, but I am not really prepared to spend lots of time figuring things out at the moment, but will probably over time


  TLDR; the Echo Dot (3rd Gen) is a substantial improvement over the 2nd Gen, with a more upmarket design; louder, richer audio and improved microphones, yet currently still struggles when asked search-engine-style questions.-------------------------------------------------------Pros:· Clean, simple, sophisticated design· Makes 'home automation' a breeze due to easy set-up· Impressive audio for its size (volume (~80db max) and overall quality)· Voice detection greatly improved over previous generationsCons:· Complete inability to answer some simple questions which a search engine could answer immediately (as of December, 2018)· Commands sometimes have to be said in an exact and almost robotic manner-------------------------------------------------------Starting with the aesthetics, the 3rd Generation Echo Dot is much easier on the eyes thab previous generations, due to its soft fabric surround and a matt black plastic top and buttons, oppose to the old fingerprint and scratch magnet, gloss black plastic the older versions use. The 3rd Gen bigger in all dimensions compared to the 2nd Gen, yet appears sleeker and blends into its environment better because of the new design.What Amazon's smart devices excel at is home automation; devices are easily added in the Amazon Alexa app, and can be assigned the phrase/word of your choosing. On top of this, multiple devices and actions can be grouped together in a 'Routine', in which your Echo Dot will perform multiple actions all through a single command.If you plan go stream music through your Echo Dot, you will need a subscription to one of the music-streaming services, such as Amazon Music and Spotify, and it must be linked to your account through the Alexa app. Once linked, simply tell Alexa what you want to listen to; "Alexa, play [song name] by [artist/band]", or "Alexa, play my workout playlist", and Alexa will begin streaming your chosen song/playlist, only stopping if told to stop.


  Arrived on time..given as a present..she loves it..I am slightly hard of hearing so it wasn't as clear as hoped,,,but great for music and good hearing people as great music sound..I have a echo dot 2nd generation..I prefer this one for sound quality..


  I absolutely love alexa,  I have seen the adverts on tv for quite a while now and was not interested at all as I am not very technical & thought that's what they were all about, but how wrong was I, we've only had her a few days but have already learnt that she knows the gestation period of pet & wild animals, can describe the flag of every country we have asked her, tells really corny jokes, has a really LOUD alarm, can tell you really interesting thing from history. we do a quiz a day with her, there really is so many things to do I am constantly surprised and amazed by her.our only setback and the reason for the 4 stars is that the only way to add your contacts to use her to message or call friends is by way of either a smart phone or tablet, neither of which we possess so I guess we'll just have to stick to the old fashioned telephone for that. all in all though I think the echo is great it's small & very unobtrusive and I think it would be very good for anyone living alone, especially anyone whose lonely i'm sure it would change their lives for the better, she could educate them (you're never too old to learn) cheer then up, have a sing song with them and make them smile every day, maybe even remind them to take their tablets. it really is fun for all ages and even if you too are like me and not very technical, don't worry it's easy.


  Was impressed with it, so purchased 2 more. All three could be paired together, so I could listen to music on all three devices at the same time, Great while walking around the house.Then I signed up for the 30 day free trial Amazon music subscription. It was a great service, but then I had to pay to continue using it, I thought no problem, it's worth the money.Then I found out, only one device would work with playing music. I feel that Amazon have misled me with these devices, gave me confidence on how good they were, then wanted £7.99 per month, to have the same service. I now feel that only one device is good, and the other two are now a waste of money.


  I now have two 3rd generation echo dots  along with the echo plus. The new dot is surprisingly good as a speaker. It has much better sound quality then I was expecting.  The main downside to all all the echo devices is you cannot play  different music from Amazon on different speakers at the same time  unless you by the family pack which is £179.88 a year.  You can play music via Bluetooth from your phone or iPad which is a workaround. However if you ask it to pair with let’s say your iPad it will ignore your request and just pair with the main phone. This means you have to pair with the device you want manually via the settings on that phone/iPad. For my children this takes for away a lot of the fun of saying Alexa.So if I am  playing music downstairs on my echo plus my children upstairs cannot say Alexa play songs by ...........  what they have to do is go to the phone and go to Bluetooth settings, connect to their echo. Then go to an music app  search for the song don’t want to play, and then play that song.  This turns a smart echo device it nothing more than just another Bluetooth speaker.  So if you want to play different music different rooms and you do not want to pay just under £200 a year to Amazon. I would recommend just getting Bluetooth speakers.


  I managed to get this during the Prime sale for £20 so can't really complain about the sound quality, other than it's muddy and not too loud.Other than that, the Alexa integration is great - of course being an Amazon product, it looks neat and our son loves it.  He especially loves making Alexa fart, and telling him knock-knock jokes.


  I bought this when it was on offer for under £30, i've got to say, there are some things about it that i love; example, being able to set timers for cooking, being able to set daily alarms and reminders, being able to push the audio out to a stronger speaker (although for its size the speaker is excellent).  The only thing that annoys me about this product is it just isn't quite there, its AI is good, but just not quite there.....yet.  At under 30 quid it is no doubt its a bargain. I personally wouldn't want to pay full regular price for it. i got them for my kids and they love them and it will work as an intercom system within the household. I have no doubt this product will improve over time, none whatsoever. And it is definitely worth 30 quid, the speaker as a standalone is very impressive at this price. It has a great deal of potential and i'd recommend it to anyone when it is on offer.


  Update...After posting this review and a two star rating, I received an email from Amazon which suggested that I reset the Echo and contact Customer Service if the issues continued.  Although the details they included on how to reset the 3rd Gen device were wrong (the correct method is to hold the "Action Button" <the one with the solid dot> down for a few seconds until the ring turns orange and then blue), I reset the echo, went through the initial set-up again and it certainly appears to be working correctly, including recognising phrases like "lamp" and "wall light" which had previously been an issue for it.  Time will tell if this is a universal cure-all but it's definitely worth a try for anyone having problems.  Top marks to Amazon for monitoring reviews and proactively responding like that.***************************************************I've been using my Fire tablet with Alexa on hands-free and it's been great so I bought this Echo Dot in order to get my tablet back for normal use.  I even assumed that a dedicated device like this would work even better.  Sadly, having used it all day, I'm not impressed.  Practically every instruction I give is questioned, fails or is incorrectly interpreted - which is weird, considering that I had no such problem with Alexa on my tablet in precisely the same location and situation - about six feet away, at roughly chest level and placed nowhere near any source of noise - no obstructions, nothing.  And it's not just that instructions are not understood, the problem is random and bizarre - I can tell it to make changes to the colour or intensity of the smart bulb in a table lamp (called "Lamp") and it does them - but then when I tell it to turn the lamp off, it repeatedly tells me it can't find "the lamb".  Likewise, "wall lights" gets translated to "hall lights", but only when telling this thing to switch them off.  Asking it to "connect to my speaker" (Alexa-speak for connecting to a bluetooth receiver) is equally unpredictable - only this time it gives a ten minute speech that apparently can't be stopped.  If I'd not used any other Alexa device, I might assume that there's a problem with my diction or the acoustics of the room - but Alexa works perfectly on my Amazon tablet, my Fire TV Stick and the app on my mobile.  I just told it to "connect to my speaker" and it proudly told me that it had connected to my laptop.Aside from being pretty much useless as a control device, it's a good-looking gadget and I'm impressed with the sound quality as a bluetooth speaker - it struggles at maximum volume but is pretty loud at around 70% anyway.  Thankfully, it's not just tuned to impress bass junkies - speech is very clear too.  It's hefty and won't bounce around the table.Overall, I don't know if my device is faulty or if these are inherently poor but I'm really glad I got it on Black Friday - at £25, I'm only a few quid down on a similar quality bluetooth speaker.  It's annoying as I just ordered an Alexa-supporting TV - doesn't look like that feature will be getting much use


  Having tried Siri, Bixby and Google Voice, I think Alexa is currently the best of the digital assistants. I use Bluetooth speakers a lot, and (after adjusting the equalisation) the sound is pretty good. I'm looking forward to a second one arriving  so I can have a stereo pair. I find Alexa to be quite useful, as it makes setting timers and alarms so simple. The voice interface MOSTLY works with Spotify, but still needs a bit of work. The other thing I am using a lot is the Flash Briefing to give me a tailored news summary whenever I want it. I am quite excited about getting more Alexa capable devices around the house, but the tech is moving so quickly, I will be waiting until the price is reduced again.Incidentally, I think the current design (3rd gen) looks great.EDIT:  The 2nd Echo Dot has now arrived. It took a bit of perseverance to get the 2nd unit set up as a stereo pair,  but worked on the 3rd try. The sound quality as a pair is very good at the low volumes I use in the bedroom. There is a limit, of course, given that the speaker itself is so small, but I find the sound more pleasing than a stereo pair of Damson speakers that cost  1/2 as much again than the Echoes. I will be buying more Echo units for other rooms in the house, but I will wait until the next round of discounts in the New Year. Echo plus,  probably.


  I've been in two minds whether to get one of these or a Google home mini.There doesn't seem much to choose between them but as this was cheaper at the time of buying, I decided to get this oneThe first thing to say is that it comes already registered to your account so if you are buying for someone else then if you tick the "this will be a gift" box then in theory this shouldn't happen.I have a fire tablet and have Alexa already installed so am ahead of the game so to speak.First you plug it in and wait while it goes through a series of light until it goes blue if I recall correctly Simple instructions so you can't go wrong.Then you connect the echo to the internet using the app, I personally had to try three times, probably doing something silly.  Once it's connected that's it, you don't have to do it again, you can move the echo dot from room to room, leave it unplugged if you like them when you plug it in again it goes through a few light sequences and when the lights go off, it's ready to use again.I was worried that you had to keep the app open when using it but you don't, you can have your tablet or phone switched off and it will still work.When I first installed it, the Alexa voice was American,  didn't sound right at all but when going to the languages part of the app, I discovered it has been set to American English so it was easy to tick the box that said United Kingdom, Nice to have my proper Alexa back, the sound in general is good quality, I believe they have improved it for this generation.  AMAZON PLEASE NOTE if you can send ready registered them it shouldn't be a problem to send it with the correct voice.What's all this about its bottom? Well it has a rubberized bottom so it doesn't slip around, I was moving it from room to room to make sure it connected from everywhere (it does) and accidentally got crumbs sticking to its rubbery bottom.I found them very easy to dust off.  I love the non slip surface, wish they did tablets and phones with this then perhaps they wouldn't slip out off my hand so easily.I know you can use these for many things, switching lights on and off etc.  I just use mine for music and asking Alexa stuff, the odd joke or game and setting timers, reminder and shopping lists.  It works very well for what I need it for and would recommend it.


  I got this for free as part of a promotion with my broadband package.I was a bit disappointed at first as the echo dot is a lot smaller than I was expecting.  Also, as I don't have a prime account the flexibility of alexas skills are a bit limited. For example,  if I ask 'play the Beach boys', I am told that as I don't have an amazon music subscription,  I can only play Amazons free radio of 'similar' music. Other small,  annoyances are when I ask alexa to do something,  if she can't do something or doesn't understand me, instead of telling me this,  she will either start playing some totally random music or ignore me completely.I'm also asked if I want to enable a free trial of prime quite a lot (Which renews automatically...at a price). I don't ever want a prime subscription so it would be useful to disable alexa from asking.Anyway, on to the good points. Firstly, the speaker is quite good for playing music which is suprising considering it's small size. My device is is my living room, which is a relatively small room and the speaker is plenty loud enough.The next good thing,  and I use the term loosely, is that you can play your local music library through the echo. You can use bluetooth to connect a Bluetooth device but I've not tried that yet. I actually wanted to play all of my music from my pc on my echo.  After a long google search, I found that you need to set up a Plex (plex is some software) server on your computer.  Then you tell Plex where your music files are (i.e. the drive/folders). Add Plex as a skill in the alexa app. Then,  if all has gone to plan, you can say 'Alexa, tell plex to play XXXXXX' and it should play through your echo device.  It works for me but I've noticed that if you're not specific enough in asking for a song or artist it might start playing something else. For example,  imagine asking to play dance music.  It might find many results and pick the first one which might be say, 'dance, dance' by Fallout boy (Which isn't dance music, is it?)I hope that my review has helped those looking to purchase an echo dot.


  I recently was given an Echo for Christmas and decided that it would be nice to have a smaller one in the kitchen. So, I bought the Echo Dot (3rd Gen) and set it all up, although getting the two of them linked to be able to play the same music in both locations at the same time was a little tricky - but I think that was just because they were on different WiFi connections at first (one on 5Ghz and the other on 2.4Ghz). Finally I got them set up.Unfortunately the user experience with this one has been a bit glitchy. It may be that it's a bit far away from the wifi hub and I may move it to see if that makes any difference, but I did get it for the kitchen so really want it to work in there.It can play music fluidly without issue for long periods of time, but other times it's streaming is patchy and sometimes loses connection and goes red. To be fair, I can't say for sure if it's a problem with the specific item or with my WiFi, but when it does experience problems I have not noticed problems with other wifi devices.The size is nice and small and the sound is very good and pretty loud.


  I purchased the Echo Dot (3rd Gen) as part of a Prime day deal after purchasing the larger Echo the day prior.  I must have been suitably impressed with the larger model to go ahead and purchase this more or less straight away.  In fact at £20 each I ended up purchasing 2.I've held off purchasing one of these smart speakers for a long time now since I wasn't sure if I would use them to their full capabilities.  If i'm honest, i'm still not sure.  I was originally going to purchase the Apple equivalent when that was released, since I am fully embedded in the Apple ecosystem.  However the extremely high cost and the reviews that stated that Alexa was far better than Siri meant that I held out.  I held off purchasing an Echo due to the fact that at the time there was no integration with Apple Music of which I am a subscriber.  I expect that this will be the main use of the speaker for me.Fairly straight forward and easy to set up using the iPhone app.  I found that during set up, when adding support for Apple Music and setting it as the default music service a reboot of the device is required.  Otherwise I experienced the message asking me to check for software updates before Apple Music could be enabled.  When checked there were no updates available.  Upon reboot, everything worked as expected.  Maybe the update is downloaded on first connection to the Internet but not applied until the next time the device is turned on?Sound quality is fine and on par to other similar portable speakers from the likes of Anker.  I suspect that this is where the equivalent Apple product would fair better.  However, for my use they are just fine and can easily fill my small rooms without any distortion.There is one thing that I don't like and that is when I ask Alexa to play a song I have to specify Apple Music, for example, "Alexa, play Pearl Jam in Apple Music" otherwise it will try playing songs from Amazon Music, even though I have set the default music service as Apple Music in the settings.Likewise, as you add more skills, from other services you have remember the exact name of that service and add it at the end.  I could see that the more services that you have the harder it will be to remember all of their names, especially if used infrequently.Overall, happy with the device so far and can't complain at the reduced price I got it for.


  My husband and i are both blind and have had these devices pretty much since they came onto the market back in 2017 or so.  They have revolutionised the way we function, not only from an entertainment point of view but also for things like cooking, setting timers and getting our smart home up and running and all very much to the good.  However, since we introduced the sonos speaker into our household, and less than a couple of feet away from our second gen dot, we started to experience some recognition problems and it seems to have become slower in responding also, if it did at all.We got a member benefit from audible so decided to upgrade one of our echo dots and what a difference.  The overall sound quality is so much better.  It is so much more responsive, has very little trouble hearing us when we are playing audio through our sonos speaker and is far superior when listening to kindle books.  My only little gripe with it is that for reasons best known only to Amazon I suspect, when listening to a kindle book, it will only play on the echo dot itself which is good enough quality now, but still, this is slightly mystifying to me.  There also seem to be issues when trying to play radio stations that have their own skills.  For example, when I ask my echo dot to play bbc radio 5 live, the audio stream comes through the speaker on the echo dot rather than the sonos itself.  if I add the phrase (on kitchen) to the end of this, it gets itself into a terrible knot, so I just listen through the built-in speaker for now.  This is also the same with my local station radio wave which also has its own skill.  although adding (on kitchen) will work with no problems at all.  Given though I have set the sonos speaker up to be our preferred speaker, I shouldn't really have to be doing this.  However, I have no idea if I need to be talking to sonos, the app developers or amazon about these little teething issues.  There is also a slightly annoying whistling sound when listening to kindle books via the dot as well, but it's not significantly annoying enough for me not to listen.  All in all though I'm very happy with this speaker and it is absolutely adequate for listening to any spoken word content and was definitely worth the upgrade.  Now it also comes in a funky plumb colour too I'm happy and would definitely recommend.  If being able to listen to your kindle content on your echo devices is important, then go down this route rather than speakers with Alexa built in as you will not be able to listen this way at all currently.


  This is my first Alexa device so it was all very exciting setting it up and learning commands and how it would change my life. I am pretty happy with how the device works and how useul it has proven to be. However, what really lets the device down is the speaker. I have two other bluetooth speakers, a tiny JBL (which I am listening to Spotify right now) and a soundbar plugged into the PC. Out of the three and without surprise I do prefer the JBL. It is a named speaker and that is what they manufacture at the end of the day. Back to the Echo Dot, the down side with the little speaker and not the greatest quality (even after faffing about with the equaliser in the Alexa app) I cant seem to find a good mix of values so when it does sound good for music, Alexa sounds as if she's chewing marbles with her head down the toilet. Not what anyone wants to hear really is it.So although being able to ask Alexa to play something quickly and use her for Alexa things, I wont be using for music. In saying this I wouldnt look at it that negatively. Its the lowest priced Alexa device (that I know of) so you really cant complain a great deal.Other than that I think its a great little device, especially if youre diving into AI and want to see what the fuss is about before going and buying a whole system.I'd recommend it for your first Alexa device.


  I originally purchased one for my husband for his birthday and since then have purchased one for myself and my mum who is 75! First of all it's super easy to set up, and before long it's ready to use. From previous reviews says not to link the Echo to multiple devices. This didn't put me off as my Echo sits in the study and we all use my husbands which is in the kitchen. I also purchased a battery pack with my husbands Echo so we can take it out into the garden, which is a fabulous feature.When I gave mum hers she was dubious about it seeing it as too technical. As soon I set it up for her, she loved it and couldn't believe how good and easy it was  to use. Since then every time I go over Alexia is busy playing music and answering questions about the weather etc. This device is a real plus for our older generation who live on their own. It gives them something to speak to other than the dog or cat, and provides quick reminders as well as so many more features.The kids were sooo jealous they've purchased their own Echo's. I am a big lover of this smart speaker. The sound is great, the voice controls quick, and it even told my eldest teenage daughter she was whispering and did she want Alexia to go into whisper mode. It was a fabulous way of highlighting how she mutters as only teenagers do, but it did make us laugh.


  I have three Echo Dots in different rooms that I use mainly for voice control.  But I am not sure I would buy another Dot at the increased price.They were all incredibly easy to set up with Alexa.  Dot usually responds to voice without problems but if there are  other sounds in the room, such as a TV or radio, or Dot itself playing something I have often had to raise my voice to get Dot to respond. On the other hand if a room is completely quiet there is no problem and sometimes Dot will answer to a voice from another room that was intended for a different Dot! I have taken to giving them different wake words to avoid this.The Dots  generally work well although very very occasionally one Dot (and it is only one of three) claims to continue to have difficulty talking to the internet. Once the difficulty occurs it does not always fix itself.  Why is not clear as the WiFi is good and other devices (including other Dots and Echos)  continue to work. My guess is that some temporary WiFi glitch has occurred and the Dot has not been able to recover from it properly. Unplugging the Dot and plugging it back in has always solved the problem.I do not rate the sound from Dot very highly. Treble is poor and the sound is boomy. This is OK for some types of music but speech sounds muffled. I do not like listening to the radio or audio books through a Dot.Use as a Bluetooth speaker is generally OK although sometimes although a Dot appears to be connected to my computer (or TV) and the computer (or TV) also thinks it is, but it does not work. Of course this might be a Bluetooth or computer or TV problem but I have given up relying on the Dot as a standalone Bluetooth speaker. On the other hand using a Dot as a Bluetooth source to connect Alexa to headphones or an amplifier for better quality sound has always been OK.I use Dot as an alarm clock and would like Dot to be able to tell me my calendar in the morning but Alexa has a problem when doing this. Alexa seems to think I have two calendars, one of which has an expired password and one which is OK. I only have one, but every time she tells me I have to re-link the expired calendar. No amount of unlinking and linking makes any difference and I don’t know how to get rid of the phantom calendar so I have stopped using the Alexa calendar feature. This is an Alexa not a Dot problem but it reduces what I want Dot to do..All in all though the Echo Dot is a useful device and I have no regrets with my purchase.


  I bought this as a result of a discount offer through Audible.com so my disappointment is tempered by only having paid half price.I wanted to be able to use voice command to play BBC radio stations. It is incapable of doing this and directs me to stations I have never heard of. I am yet to hear any station on request.I wanted to play songs from playlists on Spotify. Again, no go. It will play music from Spotify based on artist name or genre but the method to set up routine to access playlists doesn’t work.Special sound effects, like rain, the sea etc are very relaxing and easy to set up.Flash news and weather from the BBC is ok, sound quality is good, it looks stylish but the whole package has similar functionality to my Bose Bluetooth speaker.I wouldn’t trust it to turn off lights etc as I suspect the toilet would flush instead.Could do much better.Update. After a lot of time on Google, Amazon just don't explain things well for me, I discovered the radio problem was caused by the Alexa App being set to English (US) not English (UK). Now working well but this should be prominent on any list of setup instructions.Spotify took longer but eventually I got it working to my satisfaction. Not 100% sure.Have consequently upgraded my rating but still feel the whole experience could be made more user friendly.


  We live in an area with poor DAB (and any radio) reception in terms of what stations are available.My wife particularly likes Absolute 70s and we lost access to that with our DAB radio.There didn't see to be much point in buying another DAB so I started researching internet radios.They were all either expensive or unknown makes and just as we were about to buy a PURE one on Amazon the price went up by £20.In researching I started to learn more and understand about these home hub type devices.I could see how they could be adequate internet radios. Our use doesn't involve asking Alexa to turn on/off lights, order from Amazon or make calls etc. just as a radio connecting to the internet via our wi-fi hub - so here goes:Pluses:sizesound quality for the size - easily better than a monophonic John Lewis DAB radiochoice of stations (or in Alexa speak 'skills')price - it was on offer when we bought ours (so we bought three) but even at the full price it's not a bad dealportability and placement i.e. small enough to fit on small shelves etc.It will learn your favourites you tell it what you likewas able to switch it to a British Accent (sort of)Cons:power cable a bit too short really, plus no battery optionsome features limited if you don't sign up for Amazon Musicvoice recognition varies, especially in a location with other noisescould do with more in-between volume levelsAlexa not as clever as made out at times (though still works well overall)lack of options to call it - Alexa, Computer and Echoa bit buggy! Occasionally does odd things, responds oddly shuts down - will watch this in case need to update for longer-term reviewtends to be a repetitive in what it plays in response to your requests e.g. 'play 80s rap music' and the same old ones are played ad infinitumhasn't yet worked when asked what song is this (maybe asking the wrong question or framing it incorrectly?)don't seem to be able to have there different profiles (for three people and three Echo Dots) from one Amazon account - so I get my wife's favourite songs as my own and for my sons' sake we are all going to have a parental filter applied - no more sweaty songs!the short answer function (to stop Alexa rabbiting on when you want to hear music) hasn't worked yet, which is annoyingthe app. on I-phone and Mac are both less than perfect, a bit buggy, slow and hard work. The software needs to catch up with the hardware, I think.Still to try:free audio book listeninggeneral knowledge questions (only a few silly things)Overall: although I have listed a fair few negatives don't be put off. I do sometimes get frustrated by the Echo Dot and I also run out of ideas of what music to ask it to play but in essence it is like having access to hundreds of radio stations as well styles of music and so it is great at exploring something new, or taking a nostalgic trip back to your musical youth (sic.). The sound quality is to be applauded for its size and price and it tends towards bassier rather than tinny while avoiding too much muddiness, which is fine for me. Audiophiles need not apply, but come on? £22!I would buy this again no question about it. We bought one before Christmas, then another because we were so amazed and then one more for a birthday present (as yet not due for handover) and were only stopped in buying another by the intended recipient beating us to it and getting one themselves. I haven't listened to so much music in years and I am discovering music I had forgotten or which assed me by.I have to say that while imperfect, Amazon have massively got this right.Well done.


  I own both an echo spot and an echo dot which I recently bought for a steal at the airport.This is a specific review about the sound quality, the functionality is excellent. I will just compare it to my echo spot which I use on my bedside table and works amazingly as a night clock, alarm, radio...The Echo Dot I placed instead in the kitchen and it serves me well as a radio and times for cooking. It feels just as responsive as my spot, maybe slightly slower with the led light... while the spot is instantaneous with that visual feedback, also a bit slower with responses and I haven't managed to latch it on the 5Ghz band of my wifi router for some reason.The main issue I have with it, hence the lost star is that the speakers, of much higher quality than the spot and fuller with deeper bass and louder sound... well they interfere a bit with the intelligibility of alexa's voice which is much more muddled and garbled due to the bass. I have reduced the bass to zero and it makes a bit of a difference, but not much.I believe Amazon should have made a bit more attention in the design and testing phase to make sure the voice of the voice helper was as clear as in the spot and other less boomy versions... because sometimes it is hard to understand with any background noise or away in the room... it is as if Alexa spoke with something in her mouth.Otherwise it works fine and I would recommend it over the older versions which are tinny and cheap and the larger echo which is a bit overkill for a kitchen top speaker and likely to take up too much space, both physically and visually and get dirty (more on that once I have used it long enough ;-) ).


  This is obviously an improvement to the 2nd gen dot especially the speaker. However it is quite a bit bigger. I was disappointed the designers did not build in a screw hook for wall mounting, as you would find for a wall clock for example. I think it could have been done easily so that you have the option to wall mount. So I built my own and stuck it to the back. It's now wall mounted nicely. I'm not a fan of the ready made mounts with the 3 prongs to hold the dot. Nor the poor looking 3D printed ones.I found that mounting on wall does improve the microphone pickup vastly


  I now have a number of these speakers around the house and every room I go into all I hear is an echo! I wonder, have I set them up wrong? The sound is very good for what is a tiny speaker and its ideal as a bedroom alarm and occasional music player in a group set up. Asking Alexa what the weather is going to be or what time it is and other stuff of that nature works. Now to the moans, I am still unable to get either my 3rd Gen Echo Plus or these Dot units to play podcasts! The Skill apps on offer for that purpose are useless I'm afraid, or it it just me! 'BBC Sounds' sometimes works but only if it and Alexa are aligned with Mars on a Wednesday at exactly 1103am and its not raining! Other than that all I get from Alexa is 'Erm I don't know that one'. I like the sound quality, I like the removal of a radio and alarm clocks from the bedroom leaving just a small speaker on display but why oh why are there no skills, that work, so that I can listen to a radio station or podcast from Australia if I so desire? Apple seem to manage it with no problem why can't Amazon?


  If I’m honest This was a bit of a gamble present for my other half I’ve never seen one or used one, but seen the adverts for itI’m still 50/50 about it not as great as I thought but there are times I’m slowly learning that pleases me, once I get the correct “skill” it comes into it own.Very occasionally she just shut down no explanation or anything like she bored of doing anything with you she re-respond again when asked but it just the she can be in full flow convo and half way through just silence nothing and you have to ask it again to hear the full monologueSet up was actually very easy very little to do other then add your WiFi network and say a few phases do for a technophobe it an easy set up as long as you have a smart phone.She does have great sound that is undoubtedly clear but she replies alot with I don’t understand or I cannot do that but I’m still learning I have this one in the master bedroom and it great can just get into bed lie down and say goodnight to her and she correctly switched EVERYTHING off that I’ve programmed her tooI’ve set her to use as a alarm she done this correct, a few time to a radio station Or waking up to music she currently failing at I don’t know if I’m doing it wrong though (we wait and see)I think it important to buy her with the correct items if I didn’t add the lightbulbs to it, she would of been 100% useless overall but because I added that it works a treat I hope to get several other items to try them out around the house but it is a small flatA current issue is that she “learns my voice” ids me as Paul then 20mins later I ask she say “I don’t know who you are but you are in Paul account say learn my voice and I learn it” attempt 97 later she back to forgetting who i am (again not sure if I’m doing this correctly) Hense the two star drop because she pretty much understands what I’m saying when asking as long as she has the required skill or I’m doing it correctly.I do plan on buying two more (one with a clock on)... unfortunately would of gotten three if I could put it in bathroom but no plugs in there but you never know what the future could bring... if I’m honest this is a very mixed review my most mixed review ever but I’m learning what she can and cannot do maybe once I understand fully she get the full 5stars or maybe she lose it.I love the drop in ..... I wish I could I just say “drop in on living room (where the other is) and I can talk to my hubby without having to shout for him to turn down the Tv or close the living room door more or where’s the dog .... best best bit is I can drop in from my phone just pop up and great I can speak  to him when I’m out and about the streets (internet connection is required) as far as I’m aware doesn’t cost you any anything unfortunately you have to know where the person you wanting to speak to is so it targeted directly at them.Announcement are great I type something on my phone in the app and her voice is everywhere around the houseMy husband gets frustrated at it for the same reason I get frustrated but as I re-read my review it all about knowing actually what she can and cannot do,We enjoy the daily quiz and other things, magic door, few Easter eggs They can be pretty cool “skills”In the end I guess it what you want from it that really matters how you plan on using itFor me overall it good stuff outwitted it bad stuff and there more learning to do for it but anyway “ALEXA PLAY MUSIC” .... .... ...... Spice girls album comes on #happytimes


  The good: I got this for £24.99 and for this price it has good sound and the intercom feature (drop in) is good.The bad: Where to begin...I've had Google home for over a year and tried Alexa as I have a G suite account with Google which limits what you can do with Google home (a whole other story!) Compared to Google Alexa seems to have microphones - often doesn't hear me at all from any distance over 10ft and frequently misinterprets what I'm asking for from any distance - I never have this problem with Google.My biggest complaint is with skills - I confess I didn't know about this element of Alexa/Echo, with GH, if it has a skill you just use it. With Alexa I have found that so many things that claim to work but don't. Some skills that are restricted to the USA only, my Sony Bravia claims to work and doesn't, my xbox claims to work and doesn;t. These are headline features that Amazon boast about and yet they don;t work for many/most users. You have to look at each skill and check the rating: these skills have terrible user reviews - I just wouldn't have known that I needed to look up the reviews of individual skills.My next huge bugbear us that I bought a 4K fire tv stick too which is very good but useless with voice controls. I can ask it to play some things and it will play automatically through Prime or Netflix but the vast majority of things that I ask for just brings up a search that I then need to get a remote for.Overall - a good speaker but if you want it to do something specific then you need to do your research.


  Have the gen 2 alexa, Decided to move that one to bedroom and get gen 3 for the lounge.The GoodLooks much nicer than the old white plastic  one. Sound much richer with more bass. Can be used as a standalone speaker for music (tho obviously sounds much better if streamed through a decent sound system).The ok. Uses a proprietary charging cable this time round. Not a major issue but then gen 2 could use any standard micro usb charger cable, handy should the cable get damaged or lost.The bad(ish). Compared to the gen 2 it mishears or fails to respond to commands much more regularly. Often have to repeat her name twice to get her to respond, and fairly often she will not respond correcty to the actual command given. One of her most annoying traits is when using her to control 3 lifx bulbs which work perfectly with the gen 2. You say alexa, turn on bulb 2 (for example) and without fail she responds with "did you mean bulb 2?" to which you have to reply yes every time. The gen 2 turns on bulb straight away. Aware the gen 3 has less microphones than the gen 2, and I have tried moving the gen 3 around the room to maximise mic clarity but to no avail.To surmise, still happy with purchase, the sound quality is far superior. She still does all the alexa-y things the old one does....she just needs a bit more coaxing to actually do her job a lot of the time. Not a deal breaker but definitely a bit more frustrating.


  I bought mine while on lightning deal and after my initial random disconnection issues I'm pleased with it so far.Good sound quality from such a small device and nice design but voice recognition doesn't work perfect and needs improvement hence only 4 stars. I also find Alexa hears better in upright position hence I bought an additional stand for it.I had issues with my previous devices as they stopped randomly within games or listening to radio but Amazons great customer service sent me a prompt replacement which was much appreciated. Thank you very much for it.My husband liked it so much that I bought him the latest echo show for his birthday with additional touchscreen and he is very pleased with it and uses it more than I use my dot. Do I need to be jealous ;-)


  Received as a xmas gift, plug in followed instructions from the booklet downloaded app onto phone all done!? After that your on your own figuring out what alexa can do. Go through the phone app skills etc and enable what u want using the catorgies from the top and scrolling down through the skills enable everything you want alexa to do. Safe word 'alexa' when you say alexa (safe word) it records your conversation and sends to alexa company, you can change the safe word as everytime u want to ask her sonething u have to say alexa. Connecting bulbs was easy although no instructions on how to do it and u may have to trying to connect vulbs whilst they flash and from your phone app try connecting alexa to the bulbs it worked twice but now wont connect my hallway or upstairs light bulbs(will keep at it, if u suffer from epparlepsy get someone else to fit bulbs as they flash for a while. Adding wireless speakers is done in the same way and u can add several lughts to a group and edit names to these groups ie two lamps in lounge and main light in the lounge group. There are several items that can be connected to her cctv, doorbell and camera with or without audio, lock or open your car, lights, sterios, lock/unlock doors, open your computer or ipad and of course your phone etc. She can teach you to cook, speak several languages, dance, tell jokes, put radio on, give directions endless really although she does say "i dont know that" alot or misunderstands you too or just doesnt bloody listen amd find yourself repeating things but end up giving up on certain things. Im yet to hear her talk the doorbell cctv and connect her to a therostate also complete connecting her to all the smart bulbs i have bought as the flashing did my head in after the 5th attemp i gave up one room down four to go. She can whisper and bark like a dog so my dogs are happy they have an invisable dog to play with. Vouce recognision is pointless as she responds to everyone not just my voice vut the sound is quality not as impressive as everyone thinks she is galf the time its quicker to turn the light on before she does but great for if your out and forgot to leave lamp on for the dogs i use app n she turns it on so handy in that respect.


  Alexa was bought as a present for my daughter's 13th birthday  We're still getting used to it as we haven't had it for long, but the main purpose was the hope Alexa could help my daughter with her homework. Unfortunately that hasn't gone too well so far, withthe only answers being "Sorry, I don't know that one" or "I'm not sure", but apparently the more you use Alexa the smarter it gets, so we'll just have to keep at it. We've had no problems so far with voice recognition and the sound quality is great, as is the screen which shows a variety of things while idling as shown in my photo's attached (ie a clock face; the weather; current outdoor temperature and news bits and bobs). You've also got to be very specific when asking questions or you can up with very random answers, which can be pretty funny at times too  If you're thinking about getting one I'd say go for it- very entertaining and will hopefully be really useful once 'trained' 


  when i got the echo, my expectation was that i would also be able to start program's as well on my fire stick or chromecast ETC, but because of the feud with google, that's not possible and it'll do a search for the program you're looking for,but theres no way to say "alexa, play......" which can be irritating if the remotes been misplacedalso, with audible, you can't choose the audiobook, it just continues the previous one, i havent found a way thus far to choose a different book for if i have a radio show (for example) and want to listen to that while i'm cooking instead of an in depth storymy only other issue is skills, its impossible to find anything in the app and theres no way to alphabetize the list so i can make it easier to search through, otherwise theres a wide selectionbut there are upsides, its great how it can recognize different peoples voices meaning that if i ask alexa to call someone, its definitely from my phone book and not someone elses or when we get more, the drop in function so i can speak to others and chat Etc,


  We bought one of each to see how they match up and have come to the conclusion that they don't.Both this and the Google version do things better than each other. Obviously, that's more of a reflection on the software than the actual device but you can't talk about them in isolation.I find that this sounds better, mis-hears me less often and doesn't seem to butt in when it's not being spoken to which the Google puck does ALL the time. The google one has a better sense of humour and often gives more useful search results, but I'd expect that. Amazon is great when integrating with their services but it does feel a little prone to pushing them unnecessarily.  I like the clearer visual display of the ring lights especially for letting you know if there's a message waiting or a connection problem. It's too easy to miss the lights on the Google puck. Setting up your own routines has a few very important features here that Google can't do. Most importantly it's very hard to get the other software to 'wait'. So, for example, when I charge my tablet it's very easy to programme Alexa to 1. switch on the charger 2. wait for 3.5 hours 3.switch off the charger. Google home just doesn't have a reliable version for step 2. Yes, you can tell it to count down but you're having to work out how many seconds there are in the time you need an item to remain on or you can set specific times. The Amazon method is both more flexible and more intuitive.The biggest let-down here is not being able to upload your own music library any more. True, anything you buy from Amazon is available and it has a wider choice of available free music than its main rival but I bought a lot of CDs back in the day. I can only play those direct from the G-place.All-in-all a good and useful device that plays music well and at a high enough quality for the average sized room.


  We bought this as a form of virtual assistant for my disabled daughter to help her manage things when I'm not around. She uses the reminder function to help her take meds on time and the timer when cooking food and the call function to phone for help if she needs to. Everyone being able to add to shopping and to do lists which then link to my phone so I can grab things whilst I'm out is a great feature. The kids love all the fun Alexa things-getting her to sing and make jokes, play games etc. There's so much you can do with this! Love being able to play music through it. It would be great if Amazon had some way of combining payments for prime, music, audible etc as separately it does all add up.The device itself is small and not at all intrusive.Sometimes you have to ask Alexa something several times as she doesn't recognise first time and sometimes she speaks when noone is speaking to her but not often.Overall were happy with it and I'll be buying more for other rooms in the house to connect the whole house.


  my daughter bought this for me because I was having problems with an old radio that I was using.the idea of this is great, but..........like many other things on the market today, it has interruptions for adverts. mainly from amazon, but....as they are louder than the music I am playing, they tend to be disruptive and annoying.also, as an older person, I am 75, I seem not to get the hang of .....how to speak to new technology. I ask it for what I think is a simple, play classical calm music, and it has several other answers that are not what I asked for. when I asked it to play calm elfish music, I got ELVIS.. hahaha I like Elvis, but....not at bedtime. unless asking for a free station, I get adverts for paid amazon sites. and......I ask myself, why, when I have a huge library of my own music, would I pay monthly for a different site.it does not seem to want to play my library,  and keeps telling me to pay.I suppose I will eventually learn its language, but.....as I am  a slow learner, I might have to take it to my afterlife.!!!!!it is a brilliant idea. and I am sure it will, eventually be great fun. at the moment......I tend to get annoyed by it.one thing does make me smile, if I say goodnight Alexa, she says "good night, sleep well, don't let the bed bugs bite"hey ho, she is an old softie after all, I suppose, like me.hahahahahahaha


  Nice little unit, great to have voice control over my smart plugs & some limited control of the Xbox, controlling my LG TV is very hit & miss, but I'm blaming the LG skill for that (65% of the time you'll be told the TV isn't responding)For a small unit it's reassuringly weighty & the speaker punches above its weight, not to the point you'd use it as a primary music device (unless you plug it into a hifi, 3.5mm jack at the back or through Bluetooth), but it's fine for a brief listen to the radio or something similar.Alexa can sometimes struggle with very basic questions, "Alexa, what does your red light mean?" only to be met with "Hmmm..... I'm not sure" or "I don't know that one" Really?? You don't know that you're showing a red light because your microphone is switched off?? Basic question about yourself??Some basic questions, it can be a letdown!!The call feature is pretty cool, you can ask it to phone someone in your contacts & it'll call their phone.... If they've got an echo as well, it'll let you call that if you like, or message them, nice touchAt £22.50 these are a bit of a steal, bought one, tried it, immediately bought another one for the bedroom, then bought some more as Christmas presents, so I'd say that's reasonably high praise?? If amazon keep working on the software, then they should get even better.... Here's hoping!!


  I bought this because my son has been asking to get an Alexa for a while and when it can up on a Black Friday deal for only £22 I thought it was a good time to try it out. TBH it's been a bit of a mixed bag. The voice recognition is very, very good - the app shows you, through 'activity', what the device has heard and it's been 100% correct so far, even if it's not been able to do what we've asked.My son thinks it's a good way to listen to any song you like just by asking - however he doesn't realise it comes at a price, namely that you must subscribe to a supported music provider like Amazon music or Spotify and so on. Asking Kerrang! radio to play a tune obviously doesn't work.  Without the family subscription to the music service, you are also limited to what you can do with streaming services and multiple devices.Also, as I don't have (read: trust) home automation, there's little that I've been able to do with the device. Listen to Internet Radio and get news, or weather reports. Asking Alexa to set timers and reminders is great though, and I need this in my life.As a Bluetooth speaker it's not as good as a dedicated speaker for the same priceThere are a few other things that don't quite give it a 5 star rating for me.* The speaker is mains powered, meaning you can't take it into another room without unplugging it and thus powering it off.* I found 5GHz WiFi connectivity to be unreliable - it kept losing the internet and couldn't translate what you asked it, or play things back until connectivity is re-established. I ended up reconnecting to the 2.4GHz WiFi band on my router and it's much more reliable. I am quite prepared to accept that may be my router that's the problem here though* It's easy to get frustrated with the whole voice activated technology concept when it doesn't work. When having issues with the WiFi connectivity, thinking it was an issue with the device, I got very frustrated with it, shouting and swearing at it. Not a good sign.* Private concerns. I have this in my home office and tend to disable the microphone when I have work calls, just in case. I really don't like the idea of this being always on, always listening.


  My sister bought me this for Xmas, & I like it. Firstly, it looks neat. Secondly, it's small & unobtrusive. Thirdly, the speaker is very good (for its size), with adequate bass & well-defined mid/top-range. Fourthly, it's powerful & quick when asked to do things. Fifthly, it can make free (as in 'gratis') phone-calls to normal (ie. non-premium) landlines/mobiles in UK + USA + Canada + Mexico (how long this will remain gratis is an open-question, but that's the current position) & to other Alexa-devices. As for the downsides, getting the right response from Alexa can be tricky - it takes a bit of training, don't expect it to always get there first time ... but it seems to learn quite fast. As for music, AMZ's free services are quite good, it comes with 'TuneIn' radio which can tune into a massive number of stations throughout the world, & there's an array of AMZ music-packages for different budgets (or it can link into Apple/Spotify &c if you prefer). But playing a specific piece of classical music seems impossible - it tries to find it by performing-artist, thereby telling me that it couldn't find a song performed by Vivaldi (or whoever) - AMZ needs to tweak the system to cope with classical music normally being identified by composer, not performer. Overall, I get the impression that AMZ is only at the start of the exercise, & the whole Alexa-system will improve as it goes-along - but it's still a fantastic start.


  My Grandson bought me an Echo Dot for Christmas; knowing I was somewhat of a 'Technocrat' I am delighted with it.I link up with the PlayerPro app' on my Samsung galaxy and it plays all my music very well via Blutooth, it even changes the track to next on voice command. I was so pleased with th device I bought another myself which I put in the bedroom, for alarms, turning on / off the landing light etc. I have just received a set of Teckin plugs. At the current price, these work out cheaper to buy than the smart bulbs, where one is going to control table lamps and other plug in devices. Smart bulbs can be purchased via China for around £5 which work without any problem.  Tone /sound quality of the Echo dots playing Amazon radio is very good, but exceptional through my Samsung Galaxy using the Equalizer. I have given the Echo dot 4 stars, which seems a bit mean, but only because I find Alexa's voice a bit muffled for my ears; I realize  you can alter more / less base, & more / less treble by voice command, but Alexa's voice continues to be muffled; I would like Amazon to improve this feature and then it would be 100% perfect. I am now going to activate one of the Teckin switches, and will review that next.  Conclusion, great technology and highly recommended


  My daughter and son in law bought me this for my birthday. Had lots of trouble getting Alexa to talk to my samsung phone. My "computer nerdy " son in law came to help but even he had to resolve to talking to the help line, they ended up saying that there must be a fault on the Echo Dot even after returning it to factory settings it would not work with my phone. We had it working with my husbands sony  and my daughters samsung. After returning it I received another one that came in just a brown box, no instructions no guarantee nothing, looked like a refurb item so my daughter complained to Amazon, another one went back. Third one came after waiting a few days as they were out of stock which was their reason for sending me a "refurb". My son in law came and went through the process with me and again this one wouldn't connect with my Samsung phone, we tried it on my husbands and it worked so decided to give up with mine and just use it through his. Later I went on line and tried the trouble shooting advised by Samsung for connecting to Echo Dot but got the same thing ,just wherring round trying to connect, as our computer is upstairs and the dot downstairs thought i'd better be nearer the Dot so clicked on "skip this" and low and behold it when straight on to "connected" and everything came up. So all in all not a good experience, and my daughter is still waiting for her refunds to come through. The Echo Dot itself is brilliant and i"m loving it.


  I bought this to replace an earlier gen that was starting to struggle. Mostly works as expected, sound quality is lower than the Echo, but that's also to be expected.Only two, relatively minor, issues with this gen so far.Firstly, unlike my regular Echo, it struggles to understand voice commands when the alarm is sounding, so you need to wait for the fade out to tell it to stop.Secondly, when it's playing an audio book (Audible) the book doesn't stop as soon as the device hears the wake word and continues to play for a second or two. Not a real problem, but it can make it difficult to know if it understood the wake word.Other than that, I do wish Amazon would add the ability for Alexa to "Turn on all alarms (between x time and y time)", as Bixby on my phone does. It's a bit of a pain having to go into the app to carry out this rather basic task.


  Ok so a few of the reviews here gave out that Alexa listens to your conversations and records etc. That is what the microphone on / off button is for and I use it when I need to make calls.What you also need to remember is that you most likely have apps on your phone that has access to your microphone and records on your phone without you knowing. Don't let this stop you buying it.My only regret is that I didn't buy it sooner. Working from home for the last 12 weeks and I've had Alexa about 2 or 3 weeks now, it has been a huge help to me to have music or podcasts on Alexa while I'm working.A few people commented on her not understanding them. I've learnt you have to say Alexa first and then the command.The only thing that bugs me is that when I ask her to play songs by Pink she plays Pink Floyd. I do have to manually play this on Spotify as she just doesn't get it.  I docked 1 star for this


  Well what can I say, Since having the first Alexa device bought for me as a birthday present in 2018 there are now 5 of these devices of various types in the house.Surprisingly good sound for its diminutive size. It is perfect for the bedside where playing music through it results in a sound that is more than adequate for falling asleep to and having the ability to “drop in” from the lounge or the kitchen is an added bonus.I got one of these whilst it was on special offer, and as Amazon seems to put them on special offer regularly it seems sensible to me that of you can be patient and wait to see of they drop the price any before you buy. Of course if your impatient like me that wont always work.The first generation of this model that I brought is commented to external speakers. which means its small size is not a problem. I don’t know if this one would significantly better form that type of connection also but as it happens the sound for the purposes I use it for, as said, in the bedroom, is more than adequate.Whatever these Echo Dots are a reasonable introduction into the world of Echo and to make your acquaintance with Alexa.


  I bought this primarily as I wanted to listen to the radio and be able to have it turn on and off and set times or when I wanted.  So far I have asked for two radio stations and has worked out well.  However, I have asked it to play relaxing music and got some mind numbing pop music.  I'm not sure how else I can describe what I wanted.... but this was way off the mark.  I think this is going to be 'it'  though as the darn thing doesn't seem to understand basic questions...... ie, it can't give railway or tube information or journey.  If I ask the nearest station to a theatre in London, it gives me a traffic details and the fastest route to drive and the roads.... If I ask how to get to a place, yet again, traffic details and the road route.  Oh it does tell the time okay.  I've basically given up on using this for anything other than listening to the radio and giving the time or weather.  I may try plugging in the Amazon smart plug and turning the table light on automatically.....  Surely there should be a booklet with instructions on "how to ask" certain things and it's limitations as it must do more than what it is giving me at the moment!!  A bit like my pc at work, I've wanted to chuck it out the window already a few times lol!  But the sound is fabulous and 5 stars for that!


  I have both Google home and echo, Google home the sound is on another level it's so much better than Alexa's , and don't bother asking Alexa anything at all as she knows nothing lol , Google has the search engine behind it so it can aware all your questions for you , but it isn't a responsive to my voice as the echo , doesn't look as nice , and I much much prefer Alexa's voice it soothes me Google's annoys me , and also give your A.I a name ! Have a male and female voice , call it Eevee and Eevii , but yes Alexa can't answer any questions really lol , but in terms of schedules and smart home automation interface and the app Alexa is easier to use and to me seems you can do a lot more , so it is 50/50 to me lol


  Easy to implement and easy to add additional features (apps, connectivity to for example Bose Soundlink+). Most importantly extremely easy to use. Alexa is the child we never had, albeit a well-behaved child.  We got two one for downstairs and one for upstairs. We've connected our Hive and Phillips devices to it too, giving us control of heating, lights, sensors, and plugs.Great for shopping too, easy to add items to the shopping list, and even different shopping lists that can be read on the mobile phone when shopping.Good sound; use it to listen to Spotify and various radio channels.The only serious issue is the fact that Alexa seems to recognise my voice easier than that of my lovely wife (I'm secretely smug about this).


  Pros:- Good sound quality and gets surprisingly loud if needed.- Routines easy to setup, useful, and can be fun to use.- Integration with other devices was simple.- Nice packaging.- Aesthetics of this product are very sleek.- Spotify is decent but has areas of improvement (see cons).Cons (nitpicking here, but suggestions for improvement and things to bear in mind):- Reliability issues when connected to Spotify, but has been working well for a while, so this issue may have been addressed.- The microphone appears to be quiet, judging from when people attempt to message or call me via their Alexa devices. The resulting sound volume is very low, relative to the other sound volumes on the Alexa. Maybe Amazon should implement a sound normalisation feature, or allow a separate call volume feature in addition to device volume.- There are always the privacy concerns; this device is not appropriate for situations where privacy or security is paramount. At the very least, you should make use of the mute button to enforce (a supposedly) hardware disconnect from the microphone to the internet.- The Alexa app is not very well designed. I think there needs to be a search bar to make it easier to search for features, and that connecting your Alexa device to a new network once it is already setup should be more straightforward.- It should be easier to manage the voice profiles that are linked up to your Alexa/Amazon account. I have no clue how many joke voice profiles have been setup by friends now...


  I was impressed with the compact nature of the Echo Dot, you get a lot for your money, mine was half price on the promotion. The sound quality is good for the money although not sure that it would be ok with the 50 pound price tag.The convenience of having music on demand is excellent, I have not yet subscribed to spotify or Amazon music.Access to radio is good, as a hands free device for this alone it is another convenience, I can cook or be working with dirty hands and change channel or service etc.ConsVoice recognition can be shaky at times, when asking for some music, Alexa will somehow hear totally different words even if well enunciated. It tends to make you speak to it in a less natural way.Alexa can sometimes simply not respond or switch off during an enquiry.Overall, for a portable, hands free radio and music machine, plus phone caller it is great value. I am not sure I need it to control my home environment, although I can envisage a use to switch lights on and create sounds when people are away from their homes as a possible security measure.


  The Echo Dot (3rd generation) is a versatile piece of equipment and very useful for playing music, obtaining information via voice control, talking by telephone and for controlling smart devices by voice etc. etc. The only problem we had was when using the Alexa App on our mobile phone to set it up and to connect it to our Wi-Fi system. This brand new Echo Dot (3rd generation) refused to connect to our Wi-Fi when it was instructed to do so and the Alexa App then sent the phone into a loop asking it to do the same thing over and over again. An Amazon Advisor , although very helpful and patient, could not fix our setting-up problem when using the Alexa mobile phone App. Eventually, we decided to try to connect the Echo Dot to the Wi-Fi using a laptop computer, which worked effortlessly at the first try. There was definitely an inherent problem with using the Alexa App on our Samsung Galaxy A50 to set up the Echo Dot and connect it to WiFi - However, just how prevalent this problem might be we do not know.The Amazon Advisor did kindly send us a replacement Echo Dot after they could not solve our setting up problem when using the Alexa mobile phone App, but as we had eventually managed to set up the original Echo Dot using the laptop, the replacement Echo Dot was immediately returned unused.


  What I immediately liked about this product was that it synched to my Amazon music.  The sound is not bad for such a small and cheap product - better than a DAB radio.  I previously had a different brand smart speaker which I could not link to any of my subscription services. I like also that it synchs to my smart phone for things like shopping and to-do list creation, calendar.  I am enjoying it a lot and look forward to getting to know how it works better. I may add one upstairs too.What I do not like - it struggles with my voice and I have to en-un-ci-ate very carefully and even then, it gives very odd responses sometimes.  It seems to struggle more with 'Wiki' type questions (who invented the...: what year was the ...) and tells me it doesnt understand the question.  I never found a question my previous product (Google's) could not immediately answer.  It is as if one had unfettered access to the internet but the echo does not.  It makes interaction with the device clunky and effort whereas the previous product felt very 'easy'. Finally, I do not like the voice - it is robotic.


  I received this as part of a bundle deal, and being my first smart assistant device, and I wasn't entirely sure what to do with it.To be honest, after a month of use, I find it a 'nice to have' device, but in no way does it integrate into my daily routine. I mainly use this to play music via Prime, and for it's size, the speaker is pretty decent (don't expect much bass). It also integrates well with Apple music which is a bonus.Don't get me wrong, it has a tonne of features - particularly useful for integrating with compatible smart devices. Shopping lists, alarms and reminders all work well, and if you have more than one, you can use it as an intercom system! There are alot of preset questions and integrated games you can play - these are a lot of fun although the novelty does wears off. If these features are what you're looking for, then this is the device for you!For me, the lack of location triggered routines (not currently available in UK) and inability to set custom commands within routines is where I'm most disappointed - this is what would help it to cross that divide to enable better integration.Where Alexa completely falls down is in its inability to Google - it knows what it knows, but that knowledge base is limited. At the end of the day it's just not that smart!


  Purchased to listen to music and control smart lights. Took 2.5 hours to get it working. In the end I used the laptop which took 5 minutes (mobile app a nightmare).  It would have helped if instead of Amazon continually talking about the mobile app they had offered the desktop option in their instructions.I've had a number of problems getting Alexa to understand my accent but she was great with my 5 year old niece. With the smart lights, it keeps duplicating the device names so then fails to work as there are 2 lights called bedroom!I didn't realise the actions have to all be enabled individually. Some things still don't work for me, like - what's on TV tonight. No matter how many skills called TV Guide I enable.And many skills ask you to create an account or link accounts which I don't want to do. Had I known it worked like a mobile where you have to download apps (in this case skills) I might not have bothered. The mobile app is super confusing and for the older generation like me, it's not very easy to use.Overall I like listening to music on it and switching on the lights using my voice.


  (Note: I bought this product on my brother's account through Prime.)This is my first time using an Amazon Echo device and I'm rather impressed by this form of technology. The idea of being able to speak to a device that responds in a way that doesn't feel like you're talking to a robot is rather amazing, which gives it larger potential for other uses in future. Alexa is able to answer questions, tell stories and jokes, explain the current weather, play games and use skills, and quite a lot of other things too like delivering factual information, updating you on the news and what the currently released movies are, or just a simple conversation with her if that's what you prefer. The sound quality I must say is of very high quality with a crisp, bass sound. However, Alexa isn't 100% perfect as I've read online she's known to glitch - for example, after I set a timer, she randomly started making a sequence of 3 beeping sounds every second which I couldn't stop after trying a series of voice commands, forcing me to restart her via the plug. I hear this was an issue with the 2nd Gen Echo device, so why this hasn't been fixed is beyond me. But overall, Alexa is unlikely to have issues and she's great to talk to. I would say it's worth the £50.


  I got 3 of these. One for each bedroom/livingroom. There are 3 people all wanting to listen to their own pain subsciption of spotify. Each have different taste in music. But this only allows one spotify to be connected to the amazon account itself. Not the dots! So when my adult son asks his dot to play heavy metal with lots of screaming and swearing, my dot stops playing classical christian worship music and swaps over play to his room with his music.if I ask alexa to play my piano hymns, it switches playback from his room to mine to play that. The younger boy likes different music still and when he requests some pop song, it swaps to his dot for playback and stops whoever was listening to their music.  How rubbish is that?! So it loses a star from me. I will have to try de-registering the dots and set up amazon accounts for each one. Then hopefully add them as family to share in prime benefits such as tv and to have access to amazon music too... if that is allowed to be shared with family. Only guessing. I would have liked to see spotify being added to each device profile rather than the overal account. Bad form Amazon, bad form.


  I got this to supplement my Echo, but I would recommend paying more for the Echo.I am happy with sound quality of the Echo Dot, it isn't as rich as the Echo, but I only notice this if I go from one to the other. I am guessing any audiophiles would use a more expensive speaker, so most people the sound quality will be fine.The main reasons I prefer the Echo over the Echo Dot are:1. My Echo Dot occasionally crackles. It doesn't happen consistently for me to return it to get it fixed. When it happens, it doesn't go away if I change the music source. However, the problem just goes away on its own.2. The Amazon Alexa app on my iPhone works better with the Echo than the Echo Dot. For example, when setting an alarm, the Alexa sometime doesn't show my Echo Dot as an option - and I have tried reinstalling the iPhone App and resetting the Echo Dot. Although this seems to happen less with the latest app version (2.2.333444).


  It came actually like 5 days early. That was really nice! I am bit disappointed with the sound ( I am listening classical music only). But just a bit, really. I didn't expect miracles taken my music sound richness in texture requirements and the size of now already mine Echo Dot 3.Spoken word simply brilliant. Voice recognition very good as well, even over loud music.The only true beef  I have is with iOS (iPhone) WIFI hotspot and BT (headphones) pairing. It takes all kind of steps (resetting the whole thing etc.) to overcome this issue and it is NOT good at all (not all the time, which makes it even more annoying. But besides that, it is excellent at all what it is primarily made for. I will keep it for sure (news, net radio etc.) and I will look into Echo Studio. But I will test it somewhere first. I hate returning stuff. So, it is thumbs up, really, besides from pairing.And here we are five days later...I don’t know if it is this piece, but it1) cutting off from WIFI2) did NOT play confirmed alarm set as a test 5 min prior to it. I mean NADA2) stops playing album after some track in random. When reminded to keep playing (not saying name or anything) it sure does continue. Weird an annoying (sound to me more like an app or SW issue on this one)3) cuts off from BT once in a whileALL annoying. This one is going back and I will see with the next shipment due tomorrow. I hope that it’ll be OK. I’m getting used to things like” :how tall is Barack Obama?” etc. I do like the idea. So, we will see, I guess.


  Arrived on time and good price on Black Friday sale.. still playing although at the moment seems limited if you don’t load down all the Alexa Skills packs... the language recognition seems to be quite basic and you have to get used to a certain way of constructing the command sentences to Alexa otherwise she does not understand your instruction.  Still a little way to go with this artificial intelligence unit.  Seem to have limited abilities when linked to other systems such as FireStick and Sonos.  Seems also cannot take multilevel instructions and continue from the last instruction set to make a follow on request such as turn on FireTV and then choose XX and then choose YY or search ABC and then select from the options presented on the FireTV or Music Playlist.  Maybe it is something that still needs to be learnt if some one from Amazon can advise ...  overall good experience for the price. I hope Amazon develop it further to make it a better experience and more useful going forward.


  We have two of these and they are good systems but both have the same issue n its beginning to frustrate me. When listening to music i can set the volume to 20% on the alexa app or 2 manually on the device. But it gradually turns itself up when different songs come on with a base note etc.It would be amazing if there was a way to set a maximum volume on it so it didnt keep happening. My teenager is tired of being blamed when the neighbours have young children next door to her room and it isnt actually her turning it up and she spends all her time turning it back down instead of just enjoying her music n i dont want to have to take away her birthday present because of this. (It really isnt my teenager i have actually sat and watched it do it on the app multiple occassions now.)


  Love this! I wanted to get Dab radio as signal not so good. Love just asking for my favourite stations. Sound quality is impressive for size. Of course you ask other questions and for the most part it works well. You can access a lot of free music (with ads) on Amazon Music but it will keep trying to get you to sign up for the premium service at £9.99 a month. Overall very happy, so much so I bought a second Dot and Show 8. Watch out for pricing though. These were £22 on Black Friday but now back at £50. I would add to your Wish List and wait for the sales.Update: After a couple of weeks use have noticed the unit can stop playing and you need to ask it to re-start (in this case playing a radio station). This also happens on my Echo Show 5 as well. I guess even a small interruption to the wifi signal could cause this - doesn't happen too often but can be annoying. This doesn't happen with other streaming devices (like Now TV) which seem to have some buffering capacity to cover any minor interruptions to the internet signal.


  This was my first Alexa product.I found it easy to set up and seamless to command via voice. The Alexa app is well built and user friendly. There is plenty of functionality from playing the radio station, Spotify, quizzes or just asking it questions you’d normally google with a lot of ease.The dot itself if well built and has a nice and minimal look which is very small and compact. The sound quality is not the best admittedly, with little bass and volume however I suppose you’d go for the full echo over the dot if you are concerned about sound quality. One thing is that I did not realise the unit needed to be plugged into the mains at all times which is not convenient.Nethertheless, for the price and purpose, I’ve had a pleasant first experience with the echo and would probably go for the bigger one in addition to this in the future.


  I use it for listening to a few "radio" stations, although finding non-English channels is unpleasant and discouraging.  Even in choosing a BBC channel, it will frequently go off into a rant about linking the app to a BBC account and telling you that it's sent the corresponding information to the app.  Similarly, in asking the time, it will often add inane material like "Have a nice day".  A device like this should just do as you tell it, then shut up.  Voice recognition is very good, although if you ask about anything unknown in the United States, it will ignore your request and tell you about something American.  E.g. enquiring about "Leif Erikson" yields only information about a US actor.  If you ask about "Derek Guyler", it ignores you every time and tells you instead about some American "Derek Gala" (whoever that is) or another "Derek Tyler" (whoever that is) .  The Android app is simply abysmal.


  We've had this for a good while now and generally we are very pleased with it.Alexa answers 75% of the questions asked with what feels like a link to Wikipedia and the jokes and fun stuff lasts about a week before you never use them again!Alexa is quite the dunce compared to Google's offering and the phrase "I'm sorry, I don't know that" will get on your nerves after a while.Just lately though the sound from the speaker has become distorted and a quick search on Google reveals this is a very common problem. When the sound is working though my Spotify link plays anything I wish with a fairly decent quality, it's not hi-fi but it's not diddy speaker either!All in all, the Dot is ok for what it is, a limited intelligence but an excellent way of turning on your lights without getting up of your backside to use a wall switch!!


  I got this for free so didn't know how much I'd end up using this product, but I'm surprised.Makes turning the light on/off easy for the kids and they get to play around with the colours (we have compatible lighting). I no longer have to fiddle around to put the heating on or off and can quickly change it (again, compatible) which is particularly good now the weather is turning and heating is being constantly adjusted. Saves me a bit of time creating shopping lists, although it does mishear the odd item.Can even turn the xbox on and sign me in whilst I'm struggling to find where the controller is hiding, which saves some time.Occasionally thinks my child has requested something different to what they have said, so have to watch it doesn't sign me up to anything that charges.You have to be quick in talking and leave no pauses over a second because it will think you've stopped talking.Sometimes doesn't do what you have said, like turning the radio or light off but I just repeat myself and it does it the second time.There are more things I will probably end up using it for, but have not yet had the time to discover it all.You do get used to how to talk to it, and what words and sentence structures it understands better as time goes on. Can be frustrating when you don't get the wording exactly right and it says it can't do that or doesn't understand.Its not perfect but is a good addition to our home and I am happy with it. Would recommend if you have various compatible items as it makes better use of it - I'd imagine it would sit fairly idle if not.


  Alexa is a much better service than Google, though unfortunately the echo dot has its limitations. Voice recognition is patchy at best, especially when TV is on or loud background noise or when playing music. I presume that this is done on purpose to force users to upgrade.Also the sound quality when playing music or other media is not very good. Again the solution is to either upgrade the device or purchase and add other speakers.Though interaction with skills is a plus point, and I have this in the bedroom with another in the living room so doing drop in or announcement is useful.It's great for my parents (elderly) who find it easy to use, though they tend to argue with it more. I can drop in and check that they are still alive or fallen over, this is a feature that is most appealing.It's fairly simple to connect with other smart devices and is straightforward to issue commands.Generally the Alexa service is good, unfortunately the actual echo is below par, especially with the microphone and speaker (the core features of the device...).Peace 


  I have no interest in smart speakers to me they are the height of laziness.However I got this free via purchasing a Hive smart meter. So gave it a go:- Packaging is nice and compact and quality- comes with a plug which is good quality- The actual echo is lovely quality the fabric is niceNow to the actual speakerYou can change it from alexa to computer which for me is better and feels nicer.You can add a beep when you use that phrase or leave it silent however it is very response from around 10ft.I think my issue with the echo is simply down to integration. I have prime and amazon music with that which is great however if i cancelled this then the features become very limited. For example I can’t play music from my iphone music app as echo does not appear. This is annoying but i am sure more an Apple ecosystem problem.For me echo is good for- Knowing the time- Setting a timer/alarm- WeatherFor £40 it’s not bad but if you don’t have the amazon products I would avoid it.


  Our Alexa arrived as a Christmas gift. no doubt we joined several thousands trying to set it up on Christmas Day with many frustrating attempts getting set up. However, once Alexa was up and running we have had some fun with her. We receiuved some gfood customer service support when we realised that we had set Alexa up on my account when my wife has Prime - this would give us access to Amazon Music on Alexa at no extra charge. This was achieved fairly quickly ansd easily by setting up a Household account. Using Alexa for music selections, news, radio stations, weather reports, as a timer for cooking have all been a success. Having a strong an consistent WiFi link is essential - we have experienced a few drop outs losing access Alexa's library of data. I am sure we could get more out of the device if we started using smart switches - but we not there yet. Overall Alexa is fun to have and is very quick to respond to requests.


  Our house is fully bought in to the Alexa life. We have an echo plus in the lounge and dots in the kitchen and bedroom. This was the latest addition to the kitchen and our first of this generation model with the curved top and fabric sides.Alexa works as well as ever, with just the occasional time she fails to recognise a voice or request. Tonnes of useful features, skills and integrations for around the home and even simply as a smart speaker it's wonderful - with clear, loud sound that belies the form factor.There are some strange instances of randomly hearing her say something when we're in another room, as if she's responding to a request we haven't made - but I guess some bugs are to be expected in a system this complex.Only gripes are things like multi-stage recognition - i.e. if you wanted to add milk, cheese, and bread to a shopping list, they have to be 3 separate commands to Alexa if you (as you would) want them as 3 distinct entries on the list. Stuff like that is mildly annoying at worst and is more than made up for by the host of other great stuff she's able to do.Set up is fairly effortless really, and fully talked through by Alexa herself or the echo app. Build quality of the unit is great - no issues with quality control etc.All in all - a great unit that brings so much more than a speaker to your home (but it is a great speaker too!).


  I use this with a Sonos Amp (no alexa built in) in my kitchen. I also have a Sonos 1 Gen2 but thought using this just for voice was a bit overkill so I purchased the Echo dot to replace it. Quality is very good and setup was ok. Voice recognition seems to be ok so far. The only annoying thing is (and I know it's small compared to 1st world problems) is if you ask it to play music you have to tell it where you want it to be played, such as "Alexa play John Lennon on kitchen Sonos", even if this is the only thing its connected to. With the Sonos  1 (or any other Sonos voice activited device) you only need to say "Alexa play John Lennon". Other than that a good product which frees up my Sonos 1.


  I really love the echo range of products and this is my second echo dot. I use it most for streaming/listening to music and the integration with apps such as Spotify and all radio channels is excellent. It's also great for adding things to lists (I love lists and am an organisation junkie!) and little things like setting timers and alarms, setting reminders, weather updates etc. They're not life-changing in the grand scheme of things but they do make life just that little bit easier and a bit more pleasant!The only grumble I have is that sometimes, the dot doesn't pick up my voice AT ALL, even when I've lowered the volume of whatever music is playing. I have to literally stand next to or over it and scream at it several times in order for it to hear me. This is the only reason I'm giving it 4 instead of 5 stars, but if this glitch can be fixed, it'd be perfect!


  Back Story:I use all my Alexas mainly for music. Plus a few reminders about things cooking in the oven. Although I used an Alexa plug to control my outdoor Xmas lights, and that worked great!I got a large new-gen 2018 Echo unit for Christmas, but at a super-deal Black Friday price. A month later, I just HAD to get another identical one (this time, a cheap refurb) so that I could make a stereo pair and I'm really pleased with these, AFTER using the graphic equaliser feature to stop all the excess bass and boominess.Echo Dot:So... I then got a Dot (at the £30 price, I don't think it's worth much more) for next to my bed. What's the sound comparison verdict?Doesn't sound too good, but you CAN still tweak the sound quite well with the graphic equaliser feature (which I can access on my iPAd and iPhone apps, but which doesn't show up on my laptop app, so please remember that if using a laptop). Soundwise, think clock radio quality.The Dot doesn't hear me as well as the larger units. I think there are fewer built-in 'omni-directional microphones'.Also, with music playing reasonably loud, and me a couple of metres away, the Dot is less responsive and can't hear me as well over the noise, so I have to raise my voice. The bigger units do quite well on this. Just plug in and wait.Set-up was OK and quick. I once had to wait for 3 hours while Amazon got its act together, but I thnk that may have been when I was doing the stereo pairing set-up, and not for the Dot.So... I think it's OK for what it is for £30, but I wouldn't pay more.PS - Yes, I know I can connect the Dot to a better speaker, but I think it's 'good enough' for use as a bedside or kitchen speaker, or as a 'trial unit'. If you already have a better speaker to link to, that's fine. If you don't, you may as well just get a larger Echo unit when they are on offer.


  Sound is very good for such a small unit. Unfortunately the change in physical size means that it will not fit in the battery/speaker unit that was the previous Dots permanent home and allowed the Dot to be used extensively in the garden. I have purchased a clip on battery pack, there is no need for a speaker as the sound quality matches the previous add on unit.The only issue was that the Dot would in the first week fail to join the group enabling simultaneous music from all of the Amazon devices in the house. It had to be removed and added to the group several times and then it would drop out. Now it appears to be ok and works well with the battery pack. So overall it's ok.


  Third day in playing with my new Dot and it's fantastic, but with a few simple additions it could be even better!Alexa-to-Alexa conversations are brilliant, but why not allow Alexa-to-landline using my paired phone the same as Apple Facetime? A2A calls allow me to get on with my day without being tied to the computer or wandering one handed please allow me to make calls from Alexa through my mobile phone (glorified speaker / mic since it's already connected over bluetooth).  It also would as my mother pointed out having introduced her to A2A calling allow her in an emergency allow them to contact the required services without having to stop administering to my infirm father.Skills are great (even if it's hard to find the one you might want through the 10,000 of those available), but why can I not include skills in my routines.  This would exponentially increase the functionality of the device.Some minor things, the iOS app is buggy at best (my advice switch to the web app as soon as possible), reading from Kindle is painful to listen to and finally it would be great if the device could recognise a conversation taking place in the room (e.g. a phone call or person coming in), and automatically reduce the volume slightly.Lastly pronunciation and understanding; I realise this is tricky, but please can their be a function to allow me to correct the mis-pronunciation of my surname and my home village.  It's a minor point and I'm sure it gets better all the time, but for a few words it would be nice to correct immediately.


  Bought to help me with setting alarms and reminders, I then realized how much more Alexa can do.  I am not a technical person, so this will take time to set up.  I find it very helpful to set alarms, timers and reminders, as i have short term memory issues.  I also enjoy listening to my playlists, through Alexa or through my bluetooth speaker for better sound.  That said, Alexa's sound is almost as good as my DAB radio, so no complaints there.  My one complaint is that 'she' often does not hear me telling her to shut up!  Also, be careful if you have a smart alec in the house, who thinks it funny to tell her to 'order mushrooms'.  Seriously, if I had not gone to my account, I would have had a shed load of mushrooms delivered!!  My mobile is now linked to 'her' and I am looking forward to quizzes, alarm functions and all kinds of other stuff to try out.


  I have been using my Echo Dot 3rd Gen. for some months now. Sound is better than suggested in reviews dispite my having a hearing problem. Most of the time it works well and has adapted to my way of issuing commands (I am a little forgetful) much of the time.I find that sometimes (2 or 3 times now) it just seems to stop working and I have to unplug to it from the mains for a few seconds before getting it going again. There are also more frequent occasions where I summon Alexa it lights up, I give my command nothing happens and there is no further response from it.So it is not a reliable as it should be, but it is so convenient most of the time I am willing to overlook that.


  The Echo Dot (like all Echo devices) is a great little device if you can get past the "is it spying on me" aspect of things. It sounds fine for what it is but clearly it cant compete with its bigger, more expensive brethren. The dot is also generally very accurate when you ask it things despite having fewer microphones, however (like all Echo devices) don't expect useful things like times for public transport, it tends to be more gimmicky things like tell me a joke.Like most people i guess ours gets used for music and radio use along with the odd what time is it and weather, it is a real shame the full fat version of Amazon music requires a further subscription and given how fast the bank balance of Mr Bezos grows this just feels a little greedy when you have already forked out for a prime sub.All Echos have Bluetooth connectivity but it is a real shame even this requires an active internet connection, it really does feel like Amazon want to wring every last bit of information about you through this device. An offline Bluetooth function would be most welcome on the Echo range but even more so on the Dot given its diminutive size, it would be great to take with you on holiday and not have to worry about a speaker going flat not to mention if you lost the internet at home and you still wanted to listen to something.


  I already had a 2nd gen dot but the last Black Friday sale tempted me to add a 3rd gen.  I am quite happy with my 2nd gen but unless it's connected to a decent speaker it's not good for playing music.  I hoped that the 3rd gen would be better for music and was pleasantly surprised to find that it was not just better but much, much better.However as good as the 3rd gen is at playing music it is terrible for interacting with Alexa who sounds as though she is speaking from inside a cardboard box.I have played around with the audio equaliser via the app and although it does have a noticeable effect on the tone of music it has absolutely no effect on Alexa's voice.Alexa's voice on the 2nd gen is clear and distinct and I miss that with the 3rd gen - I'm sure Amazon could rectify this problem with a software update and hope they will in the not too distant future.


  I've got a couple of full size echo's and a previous generation of the echo dot. This is by far the nicest looking of the lot. The Voice recognition is pretty good (not as good as the Google home which copes with noiser environments better), however where it really shines is in the skills and integrations. I have lots of smart devices (Sonos, Philips hue, nest etc) and they all play very will with Alexa. A prime example of this is Philips hue. With Alexa integration new lights just appear in the app (and if you name the rooms in Alexa and Philips hue they will appear in Alexa in the correct room automatically). With Google I've had to disconnect and reconnect the Philips hue integration for new lights to appear.All in all this version of the Echo dot is pretty similar to previous versions, it just looks better.


  As an avid user of Google home/nest devices in my opinion feature wise it doesn't cut the mustard. with regards to sound wise though definetly better then my 3rd gen Google nest. if I had to buy one again it would be Google hands down as you don't really by these for the music. If you do just want it for music the dot is definitely better I only paid £6 for mine because of cashback that's why I bought it. I don't have much use for it so it now resides in my bathroom on the wall for music. For that purpose does work really well and responds well. I just wish I could cast to it instead of the hassle of connecting Bluetooth.  I find the voice recognition is lacking when I ask for songs it very rarely gets them right were Google virtually never fails. All in all if at reduced price then no loss but if you want a more interactive speaker especially if you own an android phone then 100% go Google nest.


  It’s a nice looking bit of kit with good sound quality. I bought it in an attempt to control two Soundtouch Bose speakers and two Sonos speakers (not necessarily at the same time). It will turn on one named speaker but not two linked ones (I have the Bose Soundtouch speakers linked as Sitting Room and the two Sonos speakers linked as Bedroom). Although it recognises the two Bose units individually and will switch one of them on, it says it doesn’t recognise the Bose units as a group called ‘Sitting Room’. That said if you get the two speakers playing by turning on the speaker then 'play all' with the Soundtouch app you can use the command ‘turn off Sitting Room’ which it will do, which belies the report that it’s not recognised. Sonos is slightly better where it recognises the speakers and you can turn on a speaker or turn on Bedroom (group) but only one speaker starts up. Again you can manually group using the Sonos app and turn both off with ‘Turn off Bedroom’ command. I’m glad I only paid £25 for it as it has showed me that a Sonos speaker with Alexa built in, probably wouldn’t turn more than one speaker on as it uses the same app, ie Alexa. Bose of course is totally useless as the Bose Smart speaker with Alexa is not Soundtouch compliant (this is a negative Bose ism; Sonos is far more Alexa compliant/intuitive).  So I’m a bit disappointed I didn’t solve my individual problem but I will say that at £25 the Echo Dot 3rd Gen is a splendid bit of kit for the money and if I didn’t have the hundreds of pounds worth of Bose and Sonos kit, I would buy a variety of Amazon Alexa speakers for a lot less money, would sound almost as good and I’m confident would switch on and off any speaker group by voice.


  My son bought this as a present for me last Christmas and it took me ages to get round to setting it up.  I am hoping that it has potential as at the moment I only use it to play Gold radio, although I did already have and was using a digital radio.  I am struggling to find things I would use it for as I have a watch to tell the time, access to weather forecasts elsewhere, search engines for any information required; generally I think I am of the generation who do not need to hare around the place and therefore have time to use my laptop and tablet.  We have no other smart gadgets to link it to so perhaps the only real use I would have for it is to remind me of things!!


  It's another Echo. We now have four. I think you can only consider these devices in the broader context of the Amazon ecosystem, i.e. all its devices and services.We originally got into Echos because they were a handy way of accessing and listening to my music library. Anything else was a bonus. Now the service to upload separate CD purchases has been withdrawn they're less useful. The access to radio stations is good and they're OK for controlling lights. Other things we've tried are just bells and whistles.Voice Recognition is pretty good but a few words often need repeating. Sound quality is good enough. Alexa integration: what does that mean? If it includes other devices, such as Fire tablets, there's a way to go. If it's with non-Amazon products and services then access to the big players services will be needed for a top level service.


  Love it. I purchased 3 in different colours...one for my daughter, one for my son and one for the kitchen. Kids enjoy playing games with Alexa such as pop quizzes and general knowledge quizzes. I am slightly concerned that if I am not careful they will accidentally sign up to something I have to pay for as most the quizzes offer monthly subscriptions.The sound is good - I have mine in the kitchen and at max volume it’s not stupidly loud, it’s a good volume (although to drown out my singing I wish it was louder). It’s good to communicate with as I can connect to the kids Alexa in their bedrooms and tell them dinner is ready. It’s also quite funny as when I’m playing my music in the kitchen the kids can wind me up by changing the song from their bedrooms!!!! (Communication between devices can be turned off).It is a really good device. I don’t have any of the plugs or light bulbs etc that you can use with Alexa but I’m sure if I did it would be brilliant.It does have some faults though ... it often gets stuck and you have to switch it off. It often turns the volume down for no reason. Sometimes it freezes.I would also suggest having Spotify as amazon music (depending on what you like) is limited. Overall these are minor problems that just involve turning the device off and on again.I’m happy with the purchase and I got them at a discounted rate of £22. Great fun at Xmas playing pop quizzes etc. For the price I highly recommend!!!


  What a fun device and very easy to set up. Most information is immediate and clear. Small so not intrusive on a shelf or worktop and feels well made. Alexa does make you mad at times as the system is not as bright as you want it to be and sometimes you have to put a question in different ways to get the answer you need. It would have got 5 stars but the inability at times to understand clear questions is annoying. The other irritation is Amazon uses every opportunity to sell services. You are told there are free audiobooks but when you try and listen Amazon then tries to direct you into signing up for their Audi book monthly payment.


  I've never really seen the point in Personal Assistants like Alexa and Google Assistant. I only ordered this because it was part of a deal for Hive equipment which isn't being installed for another couple of weeks. I believed the hype from music purists that a speaker of this size couldn't possibly play music satisfactorily.Once switched on I asked it a couple of questions I wasn't bothered about and one I was that it was unable to answer. I was sorting out some stuff in the next room and I decided I might as well use it for some background music and an alarm to tell me when I needed to get ready to go out. The music was adequate at a distance, but when I sat down quite close to it I was quite impressed by the quality. The music was clear and the separation of voices and instruments as clear as I've heard it on much bigger speakers. It's a question of scale. You wouldn't buy a dot to fill a big room with music but for quite intimate listening, I think it's going to be great.Not sure being able to just tell Alexa to turn off an alarm is enough effort to ensure you properly wake up so I won't be dumping my clock but maybe when I'm able to use it to turn on the lights as well it will be better.I set it up using my Fire tablet and couldn't find the options for voice-training but, apart from giving me some unwanted celebrity news when I asked two questions at once, it's usually been able to understand me.


  I've had a Sonos One for several years.  Recently during the spring sale I got an Echo and shortly after a Dot for my office as an internet radio (I couldn't really justify the cost of a second Echo).In terms of sound quality the Sonos One is better than the Echo (it's bigger after all), but the Echo is really very good and if I didn't have the Sonos I would have nothing to compare against and probably be 100% happy.The Dot on the other hand has quite poor sound; the treble is really irritating although you can adjust the settings in the Alexa app.  But I only want to use it as a internet radio for which it is adequate.As a Smart speaker I don't have much to add to what other reviewers say.  Alexa has a few very good skills (playing music, news headlines, radio stations, weather) plus the games are a bit of a novelty and good for the kids (word of the day and question of the day).  I'm surprised you can't ask for tube train times.Honestly the best thing about Alexa is you can simply ask to play a song or artist and not have to use an app and scroll through list of songs or type anything.


  I'd never used an Alexa device before, but I'm impressed at home much music this thing has and how easily I'm able to get it to just 'play' stuff. I've put this in our garage gym and I just walk in and say 'Alexa, play....... Hip Hop Dance' and it'll find a station. When I'm doing intervals I'll say, 'Alexa, play motivating Dance' and again, it finds something. It's very, very quick and the tracks are usually modern and well known - it's quite impressive.In terms of looks, it looks nice in a room. It's very small, so easy to hide behind something if you don't want it on display. The sound quality is decent, when it gets louder you get slight crackles, but this is very, very cheap for what it is and I'm sure the more expensive versions of Alexa products have better sound - these echo dots are meant more to be secondary units I believe (dotted around the home with your main primary products in places you spend most of your time).When on sale at £25 or even at full price for £50 I'd recommend this definitely.


  Good little speaker. I've got these on my landing and hallway so I can keep the music playing as I'm walking around the house. Not the same quality as the pricier speakers but do the job well and perfectly good for notifications etc. I've got them installed on a hanging socket wall mount which keeps everything neat and tidy. I previously had a second generation dot and these are a definite step up in terms of sound quality (plus I think they look better too). Microphone is very good (the dot in the hallway often picks me up instead of the less responsive microphone on the echo plus in my living room even though I'm in the same room as the plus)


  Very convenient to have this. Mainly use it for playing music in the background, the useful timer when cooking, and helpful things like finding out about the weather and reminding me what’s in my diary today. Also adding to shopping list is very handy too.We got the black one which I’m glad we did as it can get dusty.We were so thrilled with it that we bought Phillips Hue lights to integrate with Alexa and all was well for 4 months until recently Alexa mishears a lot of things. We will say “turn off kitchen light”“Or kitchen light off” and she would turn off all the lights in the living room instead! This can be quite frustrating when Alexa plays up.Other than the odd hiccup it’s a really helpful and useful device to have around.


  I take fashion seriously and when I asked Alexa a fashion question, she jokingly came back with a bit of a shallow and dismissive reply. I just wonder whether this reflects a little bit of political bias in the works? Also when I ask for music that turns out is only on Amazon Unlimited she goes into a whole spiel about upgrading me and free trials. This happens every time. Obviously Alexa doesn't have any memory as to my saying NO to this. I bought Alexa as a tool to help me, not really as a platform for Amazon to get it's sales foot in my door. That said I am a realist and obviously one can't have it all! Not a problem, when one is aware of the limitations. I simply bought myself a glorified Filofax that can play music.


  To get Echo to work on a Mac laptop, you need Windows and if you have a Windows platform, then you have to pay for an antivirus.My Sony Compact Z won't allow the Amazon app to work. It downloads (after I tell the phone to allow what it doesn't recognized) and then can't be found. This means I can't access TuneIn (if anyone knows a way around this, please let me know). I had to download the Alexa app from the Google Play Store and still, I can't get access via my laptop. If I lose my phone, I'm out of luck until I replace it (in terms of managing the app).If Value was a feature, I'd give it a 3. Amazon, you've already got me on the hook for Amazon Prime and now you want me to pay nearly £10 more a month for unlimited music, which I have a feeling isn't unlimited. No thanks.Other that all that having to do with Amazon not providing apps for Mac Laptop and not working on my android, which I think are serious faults, the device itself is great.


  I put off buying an Echo for so long.  I just couldnt see the need.  I liked the idea, but couldn't figure out what I would actually use it for.  Well that all changed recently when Amazon had the 3rd gen dot on sale at only £19.99 ea.  So I bought 2.Set up was easy using the Alexa app on my iPhone.  As a side note, the Alexa app is great, it instantly recognised my Firestick which was unexpected, but welcomed.I have both the Dots downstairs.  One in the Kitchen, and one in the Lounge.  Setting up a speaker group was easy, as was setting up Deezer on them.  In fact all the 'skills' I've used so far have working pretty flawlessly.Onto the build.  The things are solid.  Much heavier than expected, and the sound is incredible, given their small size.  Better than the old CD player/Radio that has been replaced in the kitchen.I have had a problem though, and that is static.  Its intermittent, and is most definitely  software related.  A restart does fix the problem, but not for long.  Having spoke with customer care, the advise was to restart, that's it.  I am having a couple replacements sent Tuesday.  The 2 I have will be going back.Is the fault enough to put me off?  Nope.  I'm fully invested in a smart home.  I have smart plugs and bulbs now.  I turn on lights and fans with just my voice, not like the peasants that still use 'switches'.


  Taking into account that Alexa isn't a human being, she makes a pretty good job most of the time of the tasks our family give her. I have been plagued by The Archers whenever I switch Radio 4 on and the Echo Dot has provided blessed relief, allowing me to choose instantly from any of the BBC podcast range and other stations on offer. Sound quality is fairly good for a small housing. Being able to add things to the shopping list or a calendar (both accessible from wherever you  are on the Alexa app on your phone) and time meals (ours is in our kitchen) are really handy options that we use frequently, and the kids have found a lot of good audio books and trivia games for more than one player, etc. Yes, Echo does lose the internet connection from time to time but usually recovers by itself if you switch off and back on from the mains. Alexa may also not be quite as good as Google at finding what you want (as some have mentioned) but she also seems generally cleverer (currently) than Siri on my iPhone, which seems to be getting stupider over time, rather than more intuitive. I can also make calls from the Dot to anyone in my contacts who has the Alexa app on their phone, and this works well in my experience.


  This is my first foray into the Amazon range of smart speakers, as I own ones of a different brand.  It's a very attractive looking device, especially in the pinky colour and it's very responsive and fast.  Alexa works well and understands all members of my family perfectly, however I'm a little disappointed in the sound quality when Alexa responds.  Her voice is too low and bassy, despite changing the settings, and it's a little hard to hear her responses.However, when playing music, the audio is great especially for a small and inexpensive device.  The integrations with other services work well enough, although I feel like there will be preferential treatment for the amazon branded services such as Amazon Music as it sometimes doesn't match as well with the service from my other smart speakers.Overall I think this would be agreat device for someone wanting to delve into the smart speak world without having to spend too much and you really do get more features than the price would indicate, but if you're looking for a better audio experience you may want to go for a higher end device.


  I bought this because I wanted to listen to internet radio. I’m in a basement flat so my dab radio wasn’t very effective. I looked into dab+ and they’re so expensive! A friend recommended the echo dot and it’s a bloody revelation!I love being able to turn my lamp on before I get home (I also bought a £10 Tapo plug to work with it) so I don’t tread on a cat! Plus I don’t have to sit with the ticking of a timer in the background (I’m not great with ticking sounds).I’ve marked it down one star because I wish there was an easier way to play podcasts on it (let me know if I’m missing some easy trick!), but otherwise it’s a great bit of kit.


  I got this, my second echo dot, as part of a deal when British gas installed a new boiler and hive but while I was excited to have a second for upstairs for some reason it doesn't work as well as the first. I had a bit of a nightmare trying to set it up as it refused to connect to my Wi-Fi for ages and then suddenly seemed to sort itself out. Also for some reason upstairs Alexa has an American accent while the one downstairs is English??? I've also found that it struggles to hear me particularly when playing music. I have to stand right next to it and pretty much scream at it to get it to stop playing.I find it very odd that the dot downstairs is so much more sensitive. I can call from the top of the stairs, or the kitchen while it's playing music and it still hears me but the other one I have to be right beside.Both are the same model but behave very differently


  It's a good little device and would be amazing if you have a compatible email/calendar like Apple or Microsoft.....sadly I don't so I can't use this function- Amazon tech guys please can you expand your sights!It also won't connect to any free subscriptions like Spotify or Amazon music. It will only connect to premium accounts, so limited or costly whichever you choose.It does however connect to our Hive, so we can turn the heating on/off by just asking her to so that's very good.I think she can do more than I ask her, I'm still learning and I'm sure as other smart products come online she'll adapt - here's hoping!


  I'm still teaching Alexa Dot my particular habits but using this does become very handy and I tend to use the voice recognition even more than my phone. Best used with a music service which I'm not fully utilising but it's working well with the kids so at the right price I may expand the number in the household. Got this on a deal so well worth the money dont think anything above the dot is needed as volume and sound quality for its size is very good for its size and the microphone seems to pick up your voice well although a few hiccups and issues with speech recognition are still there.As this is a live system and always on I was hoping for a few less niggles but I'm sure these will go away with increased use.Worth the money even if it's for a trial when special offers are on, not so sure when full price although out of the home speaker/assistant I liked this the best for its shape and look.


  Overall the Echo and Alexa are a good combination. With Alexa in the kitchen it's fantastic as a cooking timer and general reminder for the family. I've got a few wifi enabled plugs, heating, etc. and it's great at controlling those. The system is continually evolving so I'm sure it will get better and better as time goes on.I'm still not convinced about how useful it is for some other things. Music playing is a bit hit and miss. If you have a ready made play list or want some general background music Alexa can usually find that and it connects to Spotify quite well. Specific titles take a few goes to find, quite often it's easier to use your phone and cast to Alexa.Simple questions - weather, conversions, simple sums, etc - Alexa can do easily. More general queries return info from the web which varies in quality.


  We don't use it to it's full capacity yet but we are learning about it's functions.We have noticed that the sound quality is not as controllable as we would hope.  Reminders, for example, are mega loud, but when we ask a question, the sound is very muffled.  I have not found a reason for this and don't know how to resolve it.  We bought it because other family members have one and were raving about theirs.  They don't seem to have sound quality issues.  Plus, we have not yet been able to communicate with other family members via the Echo dot, which was one of the other reasons we bought one.


  At first I was sceptical of this product but my son got one for my birthday from his uncle and now I'm getting 2 more for around the house lol. I love the all its features especially the games (escape the room) and music. The kids even listen to news updates and weather reports on there. Alexa keeps their curious mind updated, inform and has been a blessing in regards to homework. But Echo dot does have its flaws and sometimes it can feel like you're dealing with a spoilt brat. There have been instances where it completely ignores you, doesn't recognise your voice and wont stop talking lool. I genuinely feel that the pros largely outweighs the cons. And I would recommend it to everyone. I'll be soon getting the bulbs.


  I love my Echo Dot. It's unobtrussive and a little smaller than I expected. I use it for calander updates and reminders, as I am good at forgetting stuff. I also use it to play my Audible books, (saves on phone battery), but found the sound quite muffled and too much bass. However, that has been rectified since I found there is an "equaliser"! My bad!It's great for the local weather report, BBC News headlines, even the time. I also use for listening to the radio. I haven't yet tried it out on Prime Video. It's great that Amazon send regular emails with suggestions and information about Alexa, stuff to try and various capabilities. I will enjoy trying new things for Alexa to do. All in all a great buy, extremely useful and an absolute bargain, as I got for half price in the Amazon Sale! May get a second one for my bedroom. (Alexa makes great 'fart' noises too!) 


  Pros:- Great build quality- Great voice detection- Excellent sound quality for the size- Lots of features- Can be expanded using Skills- Nice app- Grouping different devices- Different music services supported- Functional 'ring' lightCons:- Buttons could be slightly larger- Spotify could be better supportedMany useful features are offered which you can ask such as simply asking the time, playing music or a general question about a subject. These features can be expanded by adding 'Skills' which developers have created specifically for the Echo. A couple I like are 'Ground Control' (Which tells you how many people are currently in space and who they are) as well as 'Connect Control' (Which allows you to pause, play, skip music being played on Spotify on a device other than the Echo).  There are many to choose from with a variety of different options. There are also websites which allow you to simply make your own 'Skills' for your device.The build quality of the Echo is very good. A good quality fabric wraps round the side of the device covering the speakers and the base is made of rubber. This stops accidental slides for if you accidentally pushed something against the Echo or managed to catch the cable. The top has 4 buttons: Volume Up, Down, Mute Microphone and the Action button. It would be nice if the Action button was larger as the buttons are quite small compared to the size of the device but they are still quite easy to press. The light ring around the top of the device is a nice feature to have. It tells you the current volume with maximum being the ring all the way around the Echo and minimum just being a small line. This is very useful for making sure that Alexa has woken from the command word as it is bright and very noticeable.The voice detection is very good. it can pick your voice up from the other side of the room without you needing to speak too loudly and can quite easily hear you over music being played. if you have music being played form the device, it will pause the music when you say the command word so that you can hear it more clearly and it can hear you. It can detect when you say the command word and say the command in the same sentence if the room is quiet, but if there is noise, such as from music, you have to say the command word and wait a second before speaking again. This isn't an issue but would be nice as an improvement in the future.An 'Amazon Alexa' app is also provided which allows you to control everything on the Echo. This is required to set up the device as well as to get any new skills or settings of the Dot. the interface is nice with a simple but easy to use design. You can speak directly to Alexa through the app without the need of an Echo as well see different things on the 'Home' tab such as weather or suggested skills for the Echo. the app is also where you can set different Echo devices to be in different 'Groups'. This could be for Bedroom 1, Bedroom 2, Kitchen or anything you wish to name the groups. Devices other than Echos can be added to the groups such as lights or HEOS devices. This allows you to speak to any Alexa enabled device and control devices in different rooms by saying the name of the group (Such as: 'Alexa, Play Music in Man Cave on AV-Receiver' or 'Alexa, Switch off Lights in Kitchen'). There are many other features offered in the app and many settings for the Echo.There are many different music services offered with Amazon Music being the default and most supported. You are provided with 90 days of free Amazon Prime Music with the purchase of an Echo which is a nice gesture. It would be nice to see Spotify better supported (I have not tried any other than Spotify and Amazon Music) such as being able to ask Alexa to: 'Play my Playlist 2018 on Spotify' as well as to have Spotify Connect officially supported. Whenever I ask Alexa anything to do with Spotify, it simply says 'Spotify is Currently not Supported on this Device.' I can say 'Alexa, Pause Music' but this only works I used Spotify connect on my phone to connect to the Echo. The 'Connect Control' skill I mentioned is a workaround to this and works well, but not great. It maybe works around 80% of the time but having to say 'Alexa, Ask Connect Control to Pause' can often be heard incorrectly. It would be nice to see 'Spotify Connect' officially supported to reduce the size of the phrases or a simple way of sending suggestions to the developer of a skill.The speakers of the Echo are good for the size of the device. The quality does drop significantly at medium to high volumes but not to the point where it is unusable. the Bass, Mids and Treble can be controlled from within the Alexa apps to slightly improve the Audio quality. The audio quality from the Echo dot is surprisingly good for the size, so I am sure the quality of the Echo or Echo Plus will be much better, especially if paired with the Echo Sub which is also offered.Overall, I am very happy with the purchase of the Echo, especially for £25. Many features are offered with great build quality and decent sound as well as great voice detection. The buttons could be slightly larger and Spotify better supported but these are only minor complaints which can be improved in future versions.


  I bought this product on Black Friday when it was discounted to £25. I had a 2nd gen Echo Dot previously, which I'll use as a comparison.Asthetics: BIG improvement here. Previous generation actually looks really bad now this one has been released; i never noticed how plastic it looked before and the "Amazon" plastered across it looks tacky! This version is much more appealing on the eye, with softer corners and a choice of finishes. I went with the grey and think it looks lovely! The top of the Dot is the same, retaining the 4 buttons for volume up/down, mute and interact.Size: the new Dot has increased slightly in size, but with the improvements in sound quality, it's an excellent compromise.Sound quality: I would say this Dot is at least twice as loud as the previous generation and the sound quality has vastly improved. It's still not going to be enough for audiophiles looking for super clear listening, but as a speaker for a small room, it works really well. However, with the additional volume, I've found myself having to shout a lot more with my commands than the previous version. This is fine as the sound quality improvements offset the additional volume of my commands.Other points of note:The light ring on the top of the Dot seems a lot dimmer than the previous generation. When you first set the Dot up it's like it's turned 100% on (comparable with previous gen) however when you awaken with; "Alexa..." the ring is never as bright. Small point, but I notice it every time!There's definitely a fraction of a second delay in the ring lighting up from when you say; "Alexa" compared with the last version. Sometimes the delay is enough for me to say Alexa again and confuse things a little!The reduction in microphones (think it's gone from 7 mics in gen 2, to only 4 mics in gen 3) has impacted how well the Dot picks up commands, often resulting in repeats or, at the very least, having to speak the commands a few decibels louder.Overall a definite improvement over gen 2, I'll be looking to sell/gift my gen 2 and eventually replace with another gen 3 as I grow the number of Dots/Alexa devices around my home.Would highly recommend upgrading or starting your Alexa/smart home journey with one of these!


  Great little compact device with decent sound quality and a smooth tone. Very easy to download app and setup syncing to your chosen device and only takes a few minutes. Have a bit of fun playing games or asking Alexa endless questions. There is lots of music and radio stations you can access by just asking Alexa to play whatever you want and you can easily extend your music library by simply linking Alexa to any of your chosen music accounts such as Amazon Music etc Once all linked to your Amazon account and other chosen accounts you can then do shopping and other daily tasks by voicing a simple command to Alexa. All in all, decent little device and entertainment for all the family!


  The sound on this is so much better than the previous device (gen 2). So this alone impressed me. Unfortunately lately both this and a second echo gen 3 have started distorting their sound and sounding like an analogue radio with bad reception! It happens randomly, whether or not they are stereo paired, and from any source (i.e TuneIn/Spotify or Bluetooth). I'm reluctant to get them replaced because I feel it is probably a firmware issue. Rebooting the device fixes it for a random period of time. Also the stereo pairing won't work for Bluetooth, only for native sources, which whilst I sort of understand, is a little disappointing. I bought the second one to use them as a bedroom stereo, and they don't fit this purpose... So a little disappointed in more ways than one really! I'm hoping Amazon can assist with the issues and perhaps my rating will go up in future.Updated Nov 2019:The issues above are resolved now. The product is maturing, and I'd recommend it for sure


  what you will like;vastly superior sound to the gen2 (great for small rooms like kitchens)much nicer looking that the gen2 due to its rounded shapedecent length on the power cableit retains the 3.5mm output for bigger speakerswhat you wont like;the power cable is no longer usb, fixed to the power supply and the power supply can no longer be rotated (the cable comes out downward only)the fabric although nice, cannot be removed or cleanedunlike the gen2 there are very few accesories (wall mounts, shells, etc)it has 4 mics, which is 3 less than the gen2 and you can tell, mine doesn't pick me up as much as the gen2ultimately i'd say this is a huge improvement over the previous version as you can legitimately use this for listening to music (it can get really loud). i keep mine in the kitchen and use it for timers and music while i cook or clean, where as with the gen2 i only really used it for news and timers due to the weak speaker.


  The simple addition of a clock is so worth it. Potentially an excellent device. Perfect link for Amazon Music makes playing music about pleasure. Not so good with other services though. In fact, the biggest letdown to Alexa are the skills. Initially thought it was poorly written skills. This may be true for many but for others it's Amazon's restrictions on access.Links with other smart products is bigger than competitors but the ability to understand falls quite a way below Google home. Third generation unit gives good sound but the real smart side is definitely in its infancy mainly because of the poor 3rd party skills and, the appallingly out-of-date Alexa app.


  Got this Amazon Echo Dot free with Hive Active Heating from British Gas.  To be honest the only thing I've found it useful for is listening to the radio.  I could link it to my Spotify account, and call up music using voice commands, which would no doubt be useful too.  Apart from those, I really can't see that I'm going to use it much.  I don't use it for the Hive Active heating, when I can just use the Hive control unit on the wall without having to remember the Alexa commands for it.  It's certainly fun to ask Alexa questions, or say random things to it to see how it responds.  Sound quality is good, it feels like a solid quality product, and it's easy to use.  So the actual Echo Dot itself gets 5 stars.  But in terms of Amazon Alexa, and all the myriad skills (i.e. apps) you can install, which is really what it's there for, currently I don't see much need or use for it myself.


  Bought the Dot as have the bigger bro the Echo already and really liked.  The build and look is great and also the size seems ideal and not stand outish.  I suppose I was expecting more from the sound, I know its not going to be as good as its larger brother but I would say that its less than half as good and when compared to other similar size wireless speakers I have from other brands such Jabra it sounds light on bass - its almost like Amazon have used just the tweeters on the unit.  A good product and would recommend however would I pay the original full price having lived with it for a while - I doubt it.


  I love the echo - we already had the taller echos and they’re brilliant. I would recommend getting the bigger ones over the dot because the sound quality is nowhere near as good. They look smart though and we keep it in the bedroom for music and alarms etc... we have the white one and I like it, it doesn’t seem to have discoloured or anything and it does look pretty smart. However, I think it would be better as a wireless device, the wire is kind of annoying but as long as you put it somewhere the wire can be hidden it’s not too bad. Its just annoying as it’s not a portable device.


  I haven’t been using it to its full potential, because I am quite old and it was a present. I had trouble with setting up, because it was purchased under another name. As a consequence it doesn’t listen to me exclusively and there are two shopping lists on my phone. My own and the family member that bought it. Even though she lives about a mile away. I have to remember to call mine “Harry’s”. Otherwise Alexa gets confused. I use it a lot for playing background music from the years when I didn’t need hearing aids and it does that wonderfully well. I wish I had bought one sooner. I can also get answers to all my questions immediately.


  I bought this during a flash sale to create a stereo pair with another one in my bedroom as I was fed up with my bluetooth speakers connection glitches. (Sony xb10)Wow the sound quality has been multipled amazingly.It may sound like a waste of an echo speaker but the sound quality is far better than my xb10s and it was a way cheaper option. (The xb10s cost over £80.00)If you haven't tried a stereo pair give it some serious thought. Setting it up in the Alexa app is simple and straightforward .The only reason I haven't given it 5 stars is as all smart speaker owners know they sometimes do some odd things.


  We alreay had an original amazon echo, but we have the echo downstairs in our house. As we have come to use alexa quite a bit to add things to our shopping list, turn on and off lights, control the heating, play music through spotify etc. We sometimes struggled when upstairs and found we were shouting things downstairs to try and get alexa to listen to us. So we decided to buy an amazon echo dot as a nice addition to go upstairs in our house. No more shouting downstairs to alexa, and we can also link the speakers so when playing music it comes through both speakers at once. Only downside is the sound quality isn't as good as the original amazon echo, but with the echo dots smaller size and smaller speaker this is no surprise. The sound quality is certainly more than adequate. Great little addition.


  Got my GEN3 echo dot on pre order, and i have to say, i was shocked on how good the audio quality was compared to the GEN2. The GEN3 sounds fantastic, much more bass and clarity to the sound, and the new fabric facelift makes alexa look smarter than ever.I have had some issues with this model which i'll address here though.I had to return my first model to to having a constant issue of Alexa telling me she was "having trouble connecting to the internet" when the wifi and wired internet was working flawlessly on all of my other devices. I never had this issue on my GEN2, so it was a big inconvinience, but however Amazon did prevail and gave me a no quibble product replacement, and this one seems to be working flawlessly, both on the built in speakers and my Aux connected studio monitors.Would highly reccomend you have an alexa in your home, has made things so much easier for me. I recently also invested in a Wi-Fi alexa smart plug, which controls my PC/monitors/keyboard ETC which has made things even better at home.


  Initially I thought this would be a cordless product with a rechargeable battery, but it isn't. Be prepared for another cable attached to a plug socket. Initial set up was straight forward after downloading the App. However in the early stages I couldn't get a reaction. So I switched off my wifi setting on my phone and after switching back on I reinstalled the username and password. All is now working fine.With what was I impressed?:  the sound quality of the speaker; the speed of response; the ease of setting up; the potential support online, it's potential to control certain essential services around the house.With what was I unimpressed?: the fact it has to be plugged in, so isn't mobile; the level of intrusion - by accepting certain conditions, one is bombarded with emails; the fact I haven't signed up to Spotify or Amazon Music, yet it has access to my extensive Apple music library; it's lack of Bluetooth connectivity with my JBL speaker (I'm still working on this).


  I bought this at a bargain price (£0.99 for the echo dot) + £6.99 for one month of Amazon Music unlimited (that I cancelled right away). So for £8 I wasn't expecting much but I was pleasantly surprised. What I noticed straight away was the sound quality, I'm not easily impressed but it's pretty good considering it's only a small device. Kids of course absolutely love sending announcement into diffent rooms to scare eachother.The only downside is that when you want to play music on the dot and FireTV (which is connected to my stereo) at the same time (same room) there is a noticeable delay that can't be adjusted as far as I'm aware.Great little device. I'm going to order another one soon.


  I bought this on sale at black friday for £25, and I am fairly impressed. The speaker is good; it can handle most music and audiobooks at a good volume. The bluetooth connectivity to a mobile device is good as well if the user doesnt have spotify/amazon music. The alexa app however is a nightmare to use, it takes ages to do anything and load the different pages. It can also be quite unreliable with turning on and off my connected devices. I would like it if you could change the wake up word to anything and not just Alexa, Computer or Echo.


  Better than I thought but not as great as I was led to believe. I was expecting something that would be able to answer almost any question and hear me from the next room (open plan) but she's not quite as good as the star trek computer like I was expecting (yes my expectations are quite high). However, I would buy multiple devices and link them so I can talk to her late at night when strange questions pop in my head and so I can give her the shopping list in the kitchen. I also like to listen to music while moving throughout the house without having to move the device so another echo for Xmas is definitely on the list


  Got Alexa for a Christmas present.  Nice idea but.......Problem 1: Bluetooth connection to my Aether Cone is random.  Sometimes works and sometimes doesn’t.  I have given up on it which is a shame as I would like to have a better sound for music than the in built speaker offers.  I don’t intend to buy another BT speaker yet.Problem 2:  This is an interesting one.  It’s great to play music if only I could remember the names of songs correctly, one word out and it’s “Alexa does not recognise that” or “Alexa cannot find ..... on Apple Music”.I don’t think I’ll be bothering to buy other connected devices until I can’t get out of the chair to do it myself.  That is way to lazy.


  First thing to point out is the reason it lost a star. NO APPLE MUSIC SUPPORT IN THE UK! It’s one of the reasons I bought it and I was surprised there weren’t other reviews mentioning this. It’s a US feature which I’m sure will come to the UK but I spent hours reading reviews and even the Apple UK website isn’t clear and I had to check the small print to find out why I was struggling to get it to work.Apart from that the Echo Dot (3rd gen) is a robust, attractive yet unobtrusive speaker. It has plenty of oomph if you’re not trying to burst your ear drums and the “skills” are numerous. At times it can be tricky to remember the exact right words to use to launch certain skills but there is enough flexibility in the language that you can use very natural speech.Amazon music is fine but I won’t be paying to upgrade to the full paid version, I’ll just wait for Apple Music to come to the UK on Echo. This means that I am missing a great deal of choice and it is getting a bit “samey” when I ask it to play some chill out or classical piano, it just plays the same compilations.Volume controls and App integration are simple and effective. Microphones seem to pick up well even with some background noise.As a foray into AI and voice control I think it’s a great device. I paid £29.99 although I had to wait for it to come back into stock. Was it worth it? I think it would be good value if it was just a speaker. As a smart speaker it has even more value. I actually like getting the regular emails from Amazon telling me what it can do and trying it out (latest “Alexa, speak like Vicky Pollard” have the household some amusement).So buy it? Yes. Will it get the extra star if Apple Music comes onboard? Absolutely.


  Didnt want one but bought this as a safety pressure should I fall on my nose. Only use it at present to listen to Times Radio. Activated all the features available to stop it spying on me.The plus ?  I have a small flat and Alexa can hear me from all rooms if I speak clearly which is good. The minus ? When I ask for Radio 4 it gets confused and warns me that I may hear adult content which is rubbish ! There is definitely a problem with the Echo and Radio 4. I also object to emails telling me all the so called exciting things that I could use it for - NO THANK YOU ALEXA.


  I was impressed with the ease of set up and use. Alexa and I have spent a few days, now, getting to know one another and I am pleasantly surprised by the Echo Dot. Although reviews state music sound isn't the best I have enjoyed listening to music on the Dot, and have to admit that its better than my radio or my mobile phone, in fact the sound was good enough for me! Alexa as always was entertaining, it seems offspring never really grow up!So far I am very pleased with my purchase, and I would definitely consider adding to my Echo Dot.


  Writing the same thing I wrote for Echo plus 2nd Gen as I bought them together.I don't know how I did without this, especially because I received surgery right after I received it as a present, it made my time home much easier.The only thing that gave me problems is when I changed my landline provider echo did not accept the new WiFi straight away, I have to shut it down for one night, then the day after it connected to the new network without problems.Also it would be nice to have smart lightbulbs that don't need weird network switches between 5Ghz to 2.4GHz in order to be used, but this is not an issue with Echo per se.


  Already had an echo in the kitchen, bought two dots on prime day for lounge and bedroom. For the most part they are brilliant,  I use them for music, but some songs are not available on amazon music, weather, time and sleep sounds at night (my favourite is the rain).However, what does irritate me is that the echo speaks with an English accent, but the dots speak with an American accent - why? This means if you ask the echo to spell colour, it will add the u, but the dots spell it color. It also does that irritating substitute of a z for an s, meaning words like realise are spelt wrongly and it also pronounces it zee, instead of zed. It's only a minor gripe for me, but parents with young children who may use this function should be aware.


  To start with I bought an Alexa echo Show. So impressed with this I got an Echo Dot for my parents and another for myself. I put my Dot in the kitchen. There seems to be a lag between the Dot and the Echo. Only a second or two but the music doesn't flow when I go from room to room. Also my parents are not used to pausing between waking the Dot and giving a command, so they think it is not working properly. Other than these two niggles, I have found both the devices to be very helpful, asking  them questions etc, good quality easy to use. Sound quality is very good, possibly a bit to basey but loud enough for me.


  The 3rd generation Dot looks good, the speaker is better, and it now has 4 mics instead of just one. It's a superior product to its predecessors.The question then becomes why buy one if you already have an Echo, as I do. The answer for me is that I subscribe each month to have Amazon's music - though I evidently don't pay enough. What I thought I was getting when I purchased the Dot to go with my Echo was the ability to play music in any room independently of the other Alexa/s - even if only in one room at a time. However, if I want to do that I need to upgrade my monthly subscription, which I am not prepared to do.Ergo the new Dot is more or less useless to me. I occasionally use it as cooking timer, or by using the 'Announce' feature as a way to annoy my wife by public address announcements to other parts of the house; to order tea, etc.. This is very popular with her indeed.


  The Alexa Echo Dot device once set up is just fine. What was rather less impressive was the rather glossed-over set-up instructions for those to whom such devices are not second nature. Example: 'Start the App, click Devices and follow the instructions to set up the device'. There were no such instructions; a long time spent going back-and-forth and App restarts eventually led, more by luck than judgement, to discovery of a tiny unexplained plus sign in a corner that turned out to mean 'Add a device'. Why not just have 'Set up a new device' in the main Devices menu?So, in summary, the device is fine but the App is not all that user-friendly for newcomers.


  Had this bought for us at Christmas. My husband treats it like a new toy. We use it to put T.V on and off, we can control our heating with it but we can do that on our phone anyway. The best use was at christmas when we had it connected to the tree lights which saved us scrambling to the socket, knocking baubles off, whenever we wanted to override the timer we had set on them. It makes you lazy if you use it to it's full advantage. Good for asking the weather, how to spell a word and general knowledge questions. I think it would be very useful for disabled people because you can adapt lights and curtains etc to 'obey' Alexa.


  I bought my husband an Echo last Xmas and to be honest we hadn't really used it that much. We decided to buy a dot for the bedroom because of it's compact size to play music, but since then we have started to explore more of the features. We now use it to make shopping lists, as the alarm clock, as an intercom between rooms and of course to play music. The sound is OK for such a small device, perfectly adequate for a bedroom/small room. We've been so impressed we bought another for the office, just wished we'd waited a couple of weeks for the Black Friday deals, but having said that, I still think it's worth the full price.


  I purchased this echo dot on special at £30 so well worth the money. I already own an echo and echo plus 2nd generation which have both been great. For the size it has a good sound but I've only given 4 stars due to the voice recognition. Compared to my previous two echos it struggles with some commands. I sometimes ask for the time and it tells me the weather? I generally listen to 2 radio stations which are LBC and Talk radio. I say play LBC radio and it tells me many different things like " I can't find loop radio?". I say play Talk radio and it says things like " I can't find toop radio or Tu Pac?". Easily sorted now by saying play LBC London or play Talk radio from tune in. Great little device but slightly let down on the voice command, never had that problem with the 2nd generation echos but still a great buy and well worth investing in. I would highly recommend.UpdateAfter months of bad voice command and nearly packing my echo dot back in its box I discovered the problem. In the alexa app within the settings you have a language option. The default was set at English (United States). I changed this to English (United Kingdom) my echo dot now understands all commands I throw at it. Finally it's now working great! So will give 5 stars.


  This technology is superb and being able to access any radio station quickly by voice alone is great. I did however have to Google how to get Heart 80s radio and Absolute 80s as when I asked 'play Absolute 80s Radio' she kept on playing Absolute 70s which is excellent but not what I asked for. I learnt that I had to say 'Launch Absolute Radio 80s'/Heart 80s' which worked fine.The mic pickup doesn't seem as sensitive as the full sized echo. Sometimes you have to say the wake work a couple of times for her to hear. Not a major problem though.Overall, this 3rd gen has a much better sound than the first, which I sent back as I wasn't happy with the sound.Easy to set up.Remember, if you have kids to switch off the voice purchasing so that they can't order stuff just by asking for it! You can do this in the Alexa app.


  Bought this on Black Friday, so value for money was fantastic. I had to wait a couple of weeks, but that is fine. Love Alexa and the fact it will play the radio or any song I feel like by just asking - though you have sort out a music subscription for this. Great for the kids too and does stories and songs for bedtime. My husband and I have challenged each other to a quiz also. I use it to tell me the weather and how my commute to work is looking. It’s also synched up to my calendar - and I’m on apple. The timer feature is handy, but as I move her around I find she’s not near the kitchen when I need that feature. In hindsight I should have bought two. The only reason I’ve taken a star off is that sometimes I have to rephrase what I’ve asked a few times or she doesn’t play the right thing / understand. This isn’t a daily occurrence though.


  Good product with a really nice sound (coming from a bit of a speaker snob as well)! The only reason I am giving it 4 stars is due to Alexa. Firstly, the voice recognition isn't great. The mic seems cheaper than in the biger models, causing her to always mishear me. Secondly, Alexa isn't as smart as I hoped for. There are way more functions with my Google assistant on my phone, I spend half my life with Alexa hearing 'hmmm, I don't know that one'.So if you want a truly smart speaker, I would reccomend the Google counterpart. But in my opinion, the superior speakers in the Alexa dot are hands down better than other smart speakers in the same price range. This especially works for me, as I mainly use it to listen to the radio in the kitchen.In summary, I would reccomend buying this speaker, dispite Alexa being less clever compared to google or siri (but is way better than bixby!).


  Great voice recognition, integrates well with my Amazon account including purchases.Requires a subscription to get the most out of the music requests (I only have Amazon Music not unlimited).Works with Audible which is great however doesn’t seem to understand the request to increase the playback speed. This is a shame as I listen to my audiobooks on either 1.75x or 2x speed and it defaults to normal playback speed when an audiobook is selected.These devices will only get better with time, and for most of us the playback quality is more than acceptable.For the £22 that I paid for it I really can’t fault this device and would recommend it to anybody.For the price it’s very tempting to buy a few more and put them around the house.


  I bought this to connect into an existing amp and speakers to give Alexa functionality to the room. Hence using the audio out socket. While I can ask Alexa to play music, my amp and speakers play it no problem at a good volume provided I press the volume button until it is maxed out. However if i'm listening to music and ask Alexa what is the time. Then her voice is as loud as the music. If I pause the music and then ask Alexa what is the time, I can barely hear what she is saying. So to hear anything she is saying I have to play music first then ask her a question. No idea what is going on - maybe problem is related to the amp? However the sound quality for a stand alone system on such a small device is pretty good so currently I've unplugged the Dot from the speaker all together.  Have to explore a different solution. Maybe a bluetooth plug in on the amp and Dot pairing?


  It's good, sound quality is great, voice recognition works fine but depends what you use it for. Mines integrated into my Hive heating and it works well but ultimately it just another way of controlling something that I can do from my phone or just walk across the room. The same if you buy separate plugs etc other than that is is basically everything you look up on a smartphone you can ask it to look up. Really just feels gimmicky unless you want to integrate everything, lights plugs heating etc but that gets really really expensive. It's fun but I'm having to try and force myself to use it for something I could have looked up on my phone anyway.


  Surprisingly good voice recognition - no unwanted orders for "nose hair trimmers" or flamingos so far and Alexa usually returns sensible replies to questions or information requests! The area for improvement seems to be in the area of "skills" for home automation as they are sometimes clunky or fail to work at all. I'm not clear whether it's the various suppliers of so-called Alexa enabled hardware or Alexa themselves who is failing to take responsibility for proper integration but it's often not right yet. Overall, the Echo Dot has far more good points than bad and we are glad that we have got ours. Since I wrote this, with falling prices, we have bought two more units and now use Alexa a great deal. It's worth persevering with Skills. Even Broadlink switches eventually  succumbed to multiple efforts at installing them - and once we got them working they have been stable.


  I have been advised that the echo dot is not on the same network as my firestick and is in fact using the 5G and that I need to play around with my router settings and rename my 5G network to something slightly different. Surely with all the routers out there that have both networks Amazon could have done what a lot of other devices do and that is set the device up to only run on the standard wireless settings strangely enough I think the Firesticks are setup that way. This is very annoying so annoying in fact that I gave mine away as Christmas gift because I do not have the router password and I am not about reset everything just to get this thing working.


  Great little device have been putting off buying one as didn't think I would use it much. So bought it when it was on sale and I have used it every day for making lists setting reminders and timer. Not to mention playing music although I will say that I put a radio station on for the dog when I go out and on the odd occasion when I return it has turned its self off and not sure why!! but I do like the list you can create as it saves me trying to write on a notice board on the fridge or having bits of paper everywhere then forgetting to take them out with me when I go shopping instead now I can just add items as and when and it sends it to my phone, although can be quite funny when you read what Alexa has thought you have said.


  The speaker is a little larger and heavier than I expected, noticeably larger than the Google Home Mini. This isn't a problem at all though and makes for a decent enough speaker. Don't expect it to replace your home speaker system though.It was very easy to set up, so much so that my mum managed to set hers up on her own, which was something of a surprise!It does everything I would expect it to do, with one exception. I use Pocketcasts as my podcast app and, whilst it will sync and play from where I left off in the app, it doesn't sync the other way. This is incredibly frustrating and means I probably won't bother to use it for podcasts, a major thing I use these smart speakers for.


  These is a fun toy, but that's mostly it, some things it does really well, like weather, time and music, especially if you sign up for the 50 million songs on Amazon, then it's really good, also as a radio it's also very good.I guess as I get more accustomed to it I'll find more uses.The downside is if you ask it a long or complicated question, it gets confused, you have to be very precise with what you ask.But saying that, I enjoy playing with it and as I said it's a good fun toy.I bought mine cheap off of eBay so it was good value, I'm not sure I'd be happy paying full retail of £50 for it.In saying that if your reading this not long after I've posted this, Amazon are selling them for £22 inc p&p.So well worth a purchase for that price!Bit of a follow up here, I'm getting more out of this device now, I think it just takes time to get used to it!My advice, by one and keep playing with it, & use amazons website for extra apps, they are mostly for fun, but some are really useful.


  I like the small size and that I can wall mount it with an available kit.It's for the Kitchen primarily, so get it up and away from water, food, and sharp objects will be handy. This Echo will also get used in the garden as I have an extensive network that extends to my garage and outside shelter, so looking forward to nights in the hammock by the log burner with Alexa jammin in the background, sure the neighbours will love it too lol.Speaker quality is OK considering the compact size, however it easily connects to my Samsung soundbar indoors and the stereo system outside.  I'm happy with it, does what I needed. I have 2 other Echoes, one with a hub so this little dot is just the job.


  This little Echo Dot is a nice update of the design, with the curved edges and mesh speaker cover. We got a mounting bracket for it so that it sits on the power socket and all the cabling is tucked neatly away.Voice recognition is great and the sound quality is clear and good. It's obviously not as bassy as the larger Echo models, so you lose a little sound definition playing music. Our unit is also linked to our Sonos system, so you can use the Echo to play stuff from our preferred music providers.Overall the Amazon Echo's are great products and just keep getting better!If you want a simple one for voice control and some general interaction/information services, then this little Dot is ideal.


  I do love this device, it is so handy and easy to use. I brought it for my living room,  I’ve gone on to by one for my 80 yr old mother who lives with us and is bed bound, one for my bedroom and one for my daughters room.  It’s great for learning and fun for my daughters. I love that I can listen to any music I want, play games and set daily routines. I find the shopping list and reminder service very helpful for keeping on track with my busy life. They can be a bit temperamental at times and sometimes seems to have a blip, plus I don’t like how on some of the games and things it try’s to sign you up to a premium version which you’ll be charged for each month either. Apart from those too things it’s a brilliant gadget to have in your home.


  Works well for radio, daughter loves asking questions, Has no real issues understanding the Scottish accent. Like the recent addition of notifications on deliveries through the yellow ring. Not yet used it for controlling lights etc, mainly bought for music and to entertain the daughter which it does, decent sound for what I require in a small lounge. ( Only wish is that voice purchases came turned off automatically - other than trying ot find it albeit it easily in the app to stop the daughter buying some alexa skills


  This is a great little product with many cool features.Pros - A massive variety of things you can ask the Echo eg - play games, recipes, timers, play music, call other Echos, get notifications on deliveries for amazon, ask questions, link with other devices and many many more uses.Cons - voice recognition doesn't always work, sometimes you have to press the button for it to listen to you.  Echo can sometimes speak when the "trigger word" hasn't been said.  Speaker quality is no doubt in a different league to the 2nd Gen, but still could be improved upon.  Wouldn't recommend using as you main way of listening to music.  If you just want a speaker there are far better out there for similar money.


  Bought this when it was on offer for a £1 and it was a no brainer.Purchased for the kids bedroom and is perfect for the task. The design is much cleaner and better looking that the previous versions .The previous dot's were essentially voice assistants for me and the quality wasn't good enough to play music, although the rest of the family who aren't audio snobs thought it was OK. These have a much better sound to them, it's not tinny any more and much improved quality.Definitely worth a buy as the new models are coming so will likely be reduced. Anything under £20 is a steal for these.


  I’ve always wanted an Echo Dot, but had many concerns about privacy issues. After doing lots of research, I took the plunge!It’s very affordable, and great value for money.Each morning I ask “Alexa, what’s the weather like today?” And just like that, I don’t even have to move off the sofa to open a curtain.It’s great to receive updates from emails, Amazon deliveries, and even messages from friends and family. It’s easy to make announcements to other rooms if you have more than one device.Initially it was a little tricky to set up - the default music service is Amazon Music, and took a quick google to figure out how to change this to Spotify instead. Occasionally I ask to play a specific playlist that’s not recognised, but it’s easy to connect via the Alexa App and go from there.The voice recognition is fab, and knows exactly who you are. You don’t have to shout, and can call from another room too, which is so convenient.The Alexa skills are great, but also very tiring. My toddler now asks Alexa to play baby shark repeatedly during the day. Luckily, there’s a button to mute the microphone, which puts an end to this quite quickly.Overall very happy with my purchase, despite a difficult start, and a lot of hassle to cancel the subscription it automatically applied when purchased.


  I have been embracing alexa over the past 12 months, using the "alexa lite" through my Sonos speaker, but I decided to upgrade to the full version by buying the dot. Using the app I have tried to link the dot to the speaker still, using it to recognise the functionality on the dot but output music via the Sonos setup.Update: found that reasons I was having issues with volume control were my own fault with routines I had previously set up, now working correctly and how I like it. After about 2 weeks I believe the hardware must of had an update, after this the wake word was able to be changed


  I love and hate this thing. Well things.. we have 2. They play music and have good quality. Very good sound levels considering size.Now then.. Alexa.. we almost enjoy and do often laugh at arguments we have with her.  "Alexa, play silence by delirium" "playing justin bieber on amazon music", "Alexa, Stooppp", "Alexa, play the song silence, by the artust delerium", "Alexa, playing Your soung on amazon music".So i downloaded spotify, cancled amazon music unlikited and control it via the spotify app.Drop in feature and announcements work well. It seems to just want some very odd americanised computer generated pronunciations.Note: I do not have a strong accent, i have what i guess is a somewhat well spoken scheshire accent.


  She waits for her name to be uttered aloudListening from the desk where she’s sat.And springs into life when she hears it called outWith “I’m sorry, I’m not sure about that!”I’ll be honest, I don’t think that she’s liked meSince the day she came in to my life,Because my three year old daughter can control her with easeAnd she gets on just fine with my wife.We’ve got her hooked up to this Hue thingWhere she can control the lights as we desireBut if I ask her to dim them (or just switch them on)She doesn’t turn on the one I require.I’m told that I just speak too quickly,So I clearly and slowly exclaim“ALEXA, PLAY THE BEATLES” to which she responds“There is no device with that name!”I’m sure that it’s probably me that’s at faultSo I’ll work on my PRO-NUN-CIA-TIONAnd hope that Alexa understands what I sayWhen we upgrade to the next generation.I mean don’t get me wrong, for such a dot of an EchoShe’s full of delights for the average consumerShe’s loaded with factoids, and quizzes and gamesAnd has quite a good sense of humour.*My family say it’s great you can listen to musicSet a timer, alarm or reminder.But mostly I think that they’re just entertainedBy how incredibly frustrating I find her.* I’m a dad, I’m easily entertained!


  The amazon Alexa is so much more than Siri.It answers basically any question you throw at it!You can tell her to set an alarm for any time or maybe just tell you a joke.It doesn’t glow up when not in use so isn’t irritating at night.The voice recognition is amazing. You can whisper Alexa and it will recognise it which is brilliant.However, my only complaint is that to listen to music you must have a premium account on Spotify or an account with Apple Music ( or other music services)I thought that with the Apple Music one I could play albums which I had purchased off the Apple Music store which I then found out wasn’t the case and I was quite disappointed,However, I did manage to get the radio on it, which I’m glad I could get some music on!!


  I tried setting up with my Fire 7, but was fiddly.  Ended up trying with my Android phone which worked a bit better, but for novices, it may be frustrating enough for them to return the device to Amazon.Once set up, I enabled the so called 'skills' which allow the Echo Dot to receive certain commands, such as "Play Gold" to play the Gold radio station from Global and "Ask My Tuner Radio to play Nostalgie" for a French radio station.The sound quality from such a tiny device is nothing short of staggering.  It even beats my DAB radio with a larger speaker on the breadth of range.  The microphone is so sensitive that I could ask Alexa commands from the bathroom next door with a thick wall behind it.If it wasn't for such a fiddly installation, the Echo Dot would get five stars instead of four.


  Got a couple on a Black Friday deal for a good price so happy enough. They do all the Alexa stuff well and the speaker's not bad. If you want to use one to play music, properly, you really need to go for a normal Echo, but if you're just after the voice recognition stuff and aren't after hi-fi quality when listening to Amazon Music or local radio, then it's absolutely fine. There is an audio out jack but I haven't tried hooking this up to a stereo yet. Should work well though and give you much better audio.


  Have 3 dots.2 gen 2 and 1 gen 3.This gen 3 is streets ahead of the older ones in terms of sound quality. It has some bass, not masses, but enough from a small device.Still not 100% I’m ever going to get the most from these.Mostly use to send Amazon Music to Bluetooth speakers, although it doesn’t seem to sync then as they all have different delays through their Bluetooth connections.You can use these as intercoms between rooms in the house and to call mobiles (if they are on WiFi).We don’t have smart devices. If we did these would be more useful.


  Love this item- looks good and the sound is unbelievable for the size- to the extent we have now retired our Sony DAB radio from the kitchen and use this instead. We bought another one for upstairs and have an echo plus in the living room. The installation was pretty easy and what’s great is that any additional devices seem to remember the initial installation settings.It does come across a little gimmicky at first but as you investigate further you find all sorts of great tasks it can do.With it being linked to the app on my phone I love the “to do” and shopping lists you can generate at will.The platform seems relatively open ended so hopefully plenty more developers will join the hundreds already offering “Skills” (the apps that run Alexa).Downsides- not really negative as such but the previous Dots ran off USB and seeing as my kitchen has sockets with USB ports it would have cut down on the adapters in sockets.Music- this is a biggie for some people- if you want to listen to specific songs you HAVE to have Amazon music unlimited or Spotify and this costs extra.At the moment I’m happy to either listen to the radio stations both traditional like BBC or online via Tunein Or I can play music from my iTunes account via Bluetooth on my iPhone. What is nice is that I can group the dots and echoplus to have the same music playing through out the house.Looking forward to using the dots and echoplus with lighting and eventually the thermostat.


  I'm new to smart speakers and I got this as part of  a deal with Hive heating. I have been pretty impressed with the Echo Dot overall. I am still understanding its full capabilities, but even for just streaming radio it works brilliantly. I think the sound quality is up there with most comparable Bluetooth speakers. Some people mention lack of bass, but to my untrained ear, I think the sound quality is pretty great for a small speaker. For me one downside is that there is obviously the tie in to the world of Amazon, so if you use Amazon Music, you can play whatever. Sadly I am tied in with Google Play Music, and while I know they are competitors, it would be great to be able to play my google music via the Echo. I guess you pays your money and takes your choice.  I have to say tho, for £50, the echo dot is a massive bargain.


  Great little thing, efficient on electric usage which is fantastic as it has to stay plugged in at all times, great sound quality and voice recognition. The set-up on the app is quite clunky with challenges we decided to ignore, also the need to update skills is frustrating. We have the music unlimited app at the moment but worry when we cancel this what access we have to music as you have to have Spotify premium to work with it.  Nearly had for one month and useful but I am sure we can get more out of it if we put some time aside to understand it fully.If you have time to hit the helpful button, it makes writing these reviews worthwhile! Thank you and happy ordering.


  I live in Belgium and you cannot buy an Echo dot????  If you try the various Amazon's, France , Germany  etc they only ship to their countries. Belgium doesn't have a Amazon. So a friend bought me one.Only have 2 skills that work.Update.Unkown to me the Echo Dot changed to offline.  I discovered this by accident that it was offline via the Alexa app on my smartphone.. My WiFi access point continually changes the WiFi channel even if you specifiy a fixed channel.Would be a great help if Alexa could tell me if she is offline.


  Y'all know the specs and capabilities of this device. I find it very useful for setting alarms, control my plugs and play music. The device is perfect, and the only thing I was worried about was its speakers. I was not actually expecting this high volume when set to the max. I'd say that max volume is even annoying, Alexa can barely hear you unless you scream. Microphones have long range to catch your voice.For the AI side, implementation with Spotify is a way too basic. Should have a look into IFTTT, will probably figure something out. I found handy the fact that you can set customised conditions to be associated to actions. "Alexa, I'm cold" and heating is being switched ON. "Alexa, I'm gonna sleep" and it switches all plugs off.One last thing, should have considered the white version. My room is not that bright, would have appreciated a brighter colour.


  I love being able to set alarms, reminders, check the time, weather and listen to music so quickly and easily.  I am learning all sorts of new things that Alexa can do.I found Alexa’s voice very difficult to understand and Amazon replaced my Dot with a new one which is much better. I have only given a rating of 4 as I wish I had a choice of voices so I could find one that was easier to understand.I am really happy with it though. Amazon’s customer service is excellent.


  Sturdy though plasticky, somewhat bigger than the previous version and with notably better sound for a small speaker. Playback occasionally glitches, distorting highs but updated eq software will hopefully fix this – for now ​̳​̳​̳​ annoying as you have to keep reseting it. Non standard power plug is a downer, as is the (in)visibility of hardware controls. Otherwise, effortless setting up with variety of devices and phones, Alexa hears you better, and this echo serves well as a BT speaker, too.A good update for mere £30, the next iteration should be near perfect, while we all wait for the awesome, wirelessly rechargeable, magnetically attachable 5th gen with a built-in projector...


  having used an Echo Input as an internet radio I tried to get another only to find they don't make them any more. An echo dot works as well, and is actually easier to set up as you don't ned it to be feeding headphones or an amp in order to set it up. It's bigger and heavier and needs a proprietary power supply (the Input uses a USB power connector, the Dot uses a round one) so not quite so idea for my application. The audio quality using its own speaker is fine for setup but not for use as a radio, which is only to be expected given the size and the price. It's good into an external amp and speakers.


  Got this to go in my craft room, it was easy to set up, it sorts it self maybe from the alexa echo in my livingroom.  Its good to use and interact with, great for remainders and setting timers, plays my music,  plays games. I will say the only downside to all of this is that because I live in the UK, we do not get all the features that the people living in the USA get.  It is really annoying and I don't think it's  fair,  if you go and look at some of these very good YouTube videos of what you can do with Alexa, a lot of what they show you don't work here in the UK, it's the Americans only.  I think that's very unfair on the rest of the people who live around the world, that's the very downside to it, other than that I think it's very good good fun.


  I bought two of these - the first to use in the kitchen paired with my full size ECHO in my living room so I get the same music wherever I go downstairs, and the second to use independently in my upstairs office.  Both very simple to set up and, for the small size of the Dot unit, I am very pleasantly surprised with both the volume and the sound quality. I got them in the Prime Day sale for around £20 each, and for that I'm delighted with them. I do think the usual everyday price of £50 each is too expensive though, and not sure I would pay that for them. Get one whenever Amazon has one of their sales and you'll be very happy with your purchase.


  I recently bought an Echo show, but wanted a small device for my bedside, so bought the echo dot. I haven’t used it for very many things yet, but I can ask it to give me whichever bedtime music I feel in the mood for, as well as checking the time etc. I intend to listen to audio books through it, as I find reading a strain on my eyes.Personally I prefer the echo show, but having both is great.I live alone and when I say ’Alexa, goodnight’, it’s lovely that she responds, sometimes telling me she’ll speak to me later, or something similar.Every person living alone should have one


  I have both systems. Each has it's own merits. From the point of view of this product.Pro'sBetter sound for music.Intercom, and "Drop In".Visual alerts as well as audioCons.Poor web search engine.Tries to drive to towards other Amazon products.Integration to fire TV no as slick as Google home and Chromecast.Less lenient in allowing voice commands to be phrased in different ways.Overall.A close contest.I have 4 echos Vs 1 Google home mini, but that's mainly because the echo's are primarily used as intercoms, and music devices. With the launch of the Nest home mini advertised as addressing theses shortfalls in the Google home mini, I  may be adding to this review once I purchase one to test the claims.


  Did not find it easy to set up had to do it via m phone and i am not good with the phone would be better if you could get a link and do it by blue tooth took me about an hour to set up. Works OK though and is good if asking for the weather etc not tried much else i know you can get skills but instructions dont seem helpful about getting them and what it can do. had a couple of e-mail guides etc but find it hard to understand maybe because i am the older generation i know people with these that can even change the accent to Irish but i have no chance of being able to do that great boys toy and maybe something else in future once i understand what it can do. One annoying thing is it suggests purchases of other products when you ask some questions.


  I love her BUT she glows/flashes all the time so not so good in a bedroom. Apart from unplugging her can you stop the constant pulsing glow?I unplug her but it makes her useless as an alarm clock.Otherwise great, I am learning stuff, listening to more music, not cooked with her yet but I will.  She doesnt tell naughty jokes yet, but I am enjoying her. Just need a few more. Great thing is I have a fire stick and a dot and I csn send messages theought the house to them, which annoys daughter especially when she takes MY fire stick to grandmas house. Such fun.Get one whilst they ate inexpensive as they are fun. X


  Thought as my daughter was so delighted with her dot for her birthday I would get one for myself. On my daughters voice recognition was fab. First of all my Alexa has a strong America accent & takes a lot longer to or sometimes doesn’t recognise what I’m asking but even more disappointed the fact I subscribed for unlimited Amazon music on my daughters for £3.99 a month which I thought was fair enough but to find out if I want unlimited music on my one I’d have to get another package that will work on both or anymore amazon dots around house but costing £10:99 a month!  Not happy! Come on Amazon treat your loyal customers better than this!!!


  I was really looking forwards to getting a better dot for my bedroom, already having a plus downstairs and a generation one dot. I was very surprised to hear a much softer, American accented voice. For some reason this is much harder for me to listen to, and I often find myself asking my husband to repeat what Alexa just said! I am disabled, and Alexa is usually a godsend, but with no way to easily change the voice back to the original one, I am loathe to buy any more. I strongly recommend the older versions, which are much clearer and easier to understand. That way you will get a truly great digital assistant. This one, not so much.


  I got this for my bedside table.  It’s compact, but the sound quality is quite good for a smaller space.  I think I would prefer the taller version for the lounge as the sound would then fill the space better.I use Alexa as an alarm and for playing Amazon and Spotify music. I also enjoy listening to podcasts on it.I currently have two of the daily flash briefings and find that a good way to start the day.I do ask Alexa questions from time to time but still have a lot to learn about her.This is an interesting and quite addictive product.  I marvel at the technology of it all!


  This is my first Echo device so I'm still getting to grips with it. It lives unobtrusively on a sideboard in the living room and you wouldnt know it was there. It paired with the hub very easily. Now the but. I am dissapointed that it can sound like an ordinary radio when it's slightly out of tune. I like talk radio and on occasions the sound quality is poor. It is as though the sttion tuning is slightly off and there is hissing. She becomes SHSHSHSHSHSHSHSHE. Sit becomes SHSHSH......you can guess what I mean, and I'm sad to say, when I mentioned it to a friend in the next village, his sometimes does it as well. All in all it's worth a four star review, it could shshshshow easliy have been a five.


  I was very impressed with the sound quality for music. The bass was impressive for such a small device and completely blew away the previous model (which I didn't think sounded too bad). In a small room like a bedroom, this would be sufficient to listen to music. the sound is full and has very good bass.The downside to the product, is seems to not have improved on the mic side of things and doesn't seem to always respond to me when I try to wake the device. it almost seems as if its not as good at the second gen echo dot!Overall, I would say that its definitely worth having if you have devices that can connect to the dot such as Dyson, Philips, LG 2018 tv's and you want something that can also play very decent music.


  We've found Alexa very useful to easily set timers while cooking and ask questions, and the Echo Dot is really compact and unobtrusive. However, obviously the device has to listen all the time, waiting for you to say 'Alexa...' and we really don't like how it secretly stores so much of what you say - this data can be cleared but would rather it didn't store it in the first place, as such we've started to switch the device off when we don't need it but you can only switch it off at the plug which is annoying.


  Brilliant device, shame about the app.Took a long time to arrive but the device is well worth the wait.The Alexa App., on the other hand, proved a nightmare. What should have been the work of minutes took a couple of hours. All seemed to be going well until I hit the ‘additional security’ screen. Having accepted my, valid, Amazon password on the previous page to refused it on the second until I tried changing my password. It then allowed me on to the next step, the anti- robot code, which it then refused continually. This was solved by opting to the ‘listen to’ option and then everything finally worked. Now I am really happy with the result, but it really shouldn’t be that difficult.


  Quite surprised at the range of things that a little device can do. The sound system is amazing for such a discreet little gadget. You'd almost think it was bigger and had more to it. I was messing about and asked Alexa to tell me my future and she told me the magic 8 ball didn't know right now, Alexa has a sense of humour! I asked her to tell me the winning lottery number too, but all she gave me was the results! I did however ask her for random numbers and put my lottery on based on what she gave me!Overall tidy piece of equipment, decent tech and an amazing bargain as I got 2 for £40 in the Prime Day deals. Definitely worth investing in, so if you're dithering over it, get one.....or two when the deals are there to be had.


  Already have a number of echos, one large (1st gen), one dot (2nd gen), and one Spot, all of which are great. This new 3rd gen dot is larger in size to the previous version but has considerably better sound. Other than that it works in exactly the same way. One thing I have noticed, it seems slower to respond to the Alexa command.  So for example when I say “Alexa” it feels like I have to wait longer for the noise and blue ring to light up than the other devices. It might be where it’s placed, or maybe a reset would resolve, but it’s not enough of a concern to be bothered about.All in all, if you want a dot and you’d like decent sound to go along with it, then this is a nice little device.


  As hardware for Alexa goes this is very good, it's a great beefy speaker for Alexa. If it had an analogue aux input (rather than just bluetooth) I'd be a wee bit happier but that's not so relevant, what is relevant is Alexa itself. As a smart device controller (lightbulbs, power sockets, etc) Alexa's pretty good. She often has witty preprogrammed responses to nerdy requests like "Tea, Earl Grey, hot", and she's got many actually useful functions too, from inbuilt ones like timers and reminders to the "skills" addons like white noise generators, internet radio apps, games, and what have you. But still, she has a lot of room for improvement, I wouldn't trust her to run a Galaxy-class starship juuuuuust yet. Live long and prosper, mah homies 


  This was bought as a gift from my daughter, apparently I needed it and it helps to keep up with technology. I hadn't even heard of it before, but I can ask Alexa to play radio stations; which saves me the trouble of physically getting up to manually turn the dial on my old transistor. It also does other things apparently like turning lamps on and off and pulling the curtains shut when I'm not in, but she seems to be having problems with this as the house is exactly the same as I left it in the morning. Maybe its just me, but anyway she has got a lovely voice, and I don't know how I managed without it.


  Despite my misgivings about security and privacy I finally bought an Echo when the price was reduced.I had (have) a Sonos 1 which now does not play music from my phone, so the Echo is a replacement at about 1/8 of the price, I'm sure audiophiles will have more to say about the sound quality, but personally the quality is good.Had a bit of a problem getting BBC radio to play, which is a BBC issue rather than Amazon. I changed the language to UK English and it seems to be OK now, and I connect to it and play my music from the phone which is what I wanted!


  I always unplug this after use as I am a total paranoid over the spy the camp idea. I can imagine it must bad enough having an ex wife and her mates all spying on you in a jealous and bitter manner without the risk of the entire world listening in to conversations in your own home. I know phones can still listen but I just feel that Alexa is too intrusive in that it listens to everything and you forget its there. We have used it for music, quizes mainly which are fun but then always unplug after use. So it becomes another toy to play at parties etc. I am sure it will be ok but if your a paranoid person who beleives in conspiracy theories then buy one but unplug after you use it. If your not paranoid then go for it and leave it on, just know that someone will be listening and not just Alexa...


  I got a google nest mini from spotify premium promotion for free. got the echo dot for amazon music promotion for 9 pounds.Yeah, this thing is easily superior to nest mini. Though there are some bugs and lack of attention to detail. one example is when you whisper to Alexa, she whispers back, though when you whisper to set an alarm, it wouldnt whisper the alarm set dialogue back, instead did at full volume and possibly woke my housemates...


  I know have three echo dots at home, 1 2nd generation and two 3rd Generation and honestly love them, wouldn't be without them  now. We live in a large house so the drop in function is fab for asking a question of someone in the other end of the house without shouting...and announcement is fab for alerting everyone that dinners ready. Very useful for playing music, sound quality if fab on the device itself, and aux functionality is also useful .The only improvement I can think of would be some way to make this wireless, so I could take the device out into the garden to enjoy, rather than having to be tethered to a plug socket!


  I think the speaker is a lot better than the first generation, and even – although I didn’t have one – the 2nd – and I can hear it from long distances away, so I don’t think you would need to buy any other speakers unless that’s something you really think you want to do. The new fabric design is also very nice, and I find myself most of the time, if not playing music, listening to radio or enjoying any of the other features, just playing games. I really like the quizzes! But on a not so good note, I think the voice control still needs to be improved so it can recognise people who have a quieter voice or are talking with air in the background, as that would make it even more accessible. But other than that, I think it’s great!


  Item purchased for £24.99 during the Black Friday sales.I was surprised at how good it sounds - I've got a few Bluetooth speakers that cost between £20 and £80 and this beats all of them for sound quality.  Its more than enough to fill a small room.The Echo itself feels nice and solid, and the fabric finish means it looks a lot nicer than the previous models.It took a bit of trial and error to set up, but once it was up an running it was fine.My sons love asking Alexa things, and the number of skills is impressive.Overall, very happy with it - its definitely worth the £50 when its full price, so to get it for half that is an absolute bargain.


  The echo dot with Alexa is great, makes for a lot more listening of music, heaven knows why because it is relatively easy to just put on a cd or turn on the radio, but simply saying play whatever just appears to be that bit more easy. I've only given 4 stars because of the bass, which I find is way too much no matter how much I try to reduce it. Can't help feeling that a group of teenage boys are sitting in some back room designing things to try and get everyone to appreciate only their way of listening, it's all about the bass? Sorry but it isn't, it makes the spoken word barely comprehensible and hardly easy or relaxed listening at a low volume.


  This was a gift to me. It’s fine for listening to music occasionally but needs a clear explanation of the title and artist - eg Beethoven’s Fifth Symphony by the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra. Otherwise (as I found), you might get a modern uptempo version played on the violin!!Sound quality isn’t very good, but then again it’s fine if you’re sitting reasonably close.I believe it has lots of other uses but, so far, I’ve only used it for music. I guess if you wanted to ask random questions, you’d need one in every room!!


  An un-intrusive unit, easy to setup and get going, is easily moved between power sockets / room. Voice recognition is good, takes some  practice to phrase questions or instructions to obtain the desired result. Sound quality is good especially considering it's size. So far the only disappointment is Amazon music, very limited playlists on free to access, but apparently there is much more on subscription, which Alexa constantly reminds you, at every opportunity. Overall a piece of tech that is actually useful, does what it says on the tin (mostly), and doesn't need either a degree in tech-speak or a 7 year-old to operate it.


  This is the second Alexa I have gotten for my house and it is fantastic, when it can actually understand me. Maybe it's the Essex accent?? Perfect for if you are having a debate and need some information and also can't be bothered to pick up your phone to Google something, just give Alexa a shout. Apple music integration is brilliant and sounds clear and loud. I also use this to control my smart bulbs. The 3rd gens design is a big improvement on the previous ones and looks really smart. All in all these are great little products.


  This was bought for me as a surprise Christmas present along with some interactive light bulbs.  The sound quality and recognition is excellent for what it does, I just haven't really got my head around what to use it for yet!  I used Alexa to help me make a shopping list the other day, that was helpful and the list was good to tick off on my phone as I was going around the shop, but other than that I am in the habit of looking up everything I want to know on google on my phone, and play my music through a portable bluetooth speaker, so I will need to get used to changing my habits if Alexa is to become really useful.


  Nice and compact. The unit is about a third of the height of our existing Echo units, but the sound is still very good all things considered. Music doesn't sound too 'tinny' and I thought it was a slightly richer sound than I'd expected.Only having 4 mic's as opposed to the 7 on the larger units, it does struggle to hear you if you are any kind of distance away.But, my daughter loves it and now both children are constantly 'dropping in' on each others rooms. Hopefully that novelty will wear off one day. Please let it be soon!Amazon - come on.... sort your packaging out. I could have had 8 arrive in the huge box you packed it in.


  I have wanted to try alexa and do have Google minis and use Google home so this is my first alexa device. I find it has the better sound quality but I prefer Google for general interaction. Alexa is not as intuitive so I seam to repeat rephrase questions more.. nor does it seams to understand me as well as I would like.I would love amazon to convert me but unless I was asked to test devices or more deals like the one that seen me get this device happen I can't see why I would by another as it doesn't have significant differences as I can cast music from amazon to my Google devices too


  All the Echo products are great, work well, easy to setup and sound good. Obviously the dot is going to have sound quality inferior to the full size echo so don't expect that. There remains one flaw with all these products that I simply cant believe they haven't addressed yet after all the updates. Say you are listening to music on volume 2. You stop the music, go to ask Alexa a question and the volume is too low to hear. Or the other way around. You are listening to your favourite track quite loud. The track finishes then you might ask Alexa to do something later on that night to which she is now shouting at you.As to why they haven't implemented individual volume controls per music playback and other functions is simply beyond me when it seems such an easy thing to implement. That is the only reason for the 4 stars. Otherwise it would be 5!


  Very decent smart speaker which works very well in my living room with tons of smart light bulbs scattered around. Alexa is very intuitive and recognises my voice very well compared to the previous generation ones and was very cheap compared to any other smart speaker on the market. Has very good sound quality for such a small device and looks very stylish with the fabric affect which looks great in the living room and doesn’t feel cheap at all.


  I liked the clever compact and unobstrusive design and the genuine ease of set up and easily downloadable app. I deducted a star for lack of rechargeable battery capability which would have it easier to move between rooms if plug sockets are at a premium. But that is a relatively picky criticism. The sound quality is deceptively impressive for such a tiny thing and the voice interactivty is a real boon. Despite dropping a star i immediately purchased a second unit for my bedroom. Impressed. This is much closer to the future i was told about on TV programmes like Tomorrow's World when i was a lad, just awaiting my personal gyrocopter now!


  I had an Echo Dot gen1 some time ago and I thought it had potential. I have to say the new gen3 has really upped the game! The overall look and feel of the device is excellent and it doesn't look out of place anywhere. The biggest improvement however is the sound quality which for the size of the speaker is astonishing! One of my main criticisms of the device, which in fairness is more to do with the music service, is that integration with other devices using Amazon's own music app is pretty poor. You can't queue songs on the fly and it just seems unnecessarily difficult to use.


  Setup was easy as I already have the Alexa App and with my defective hearing sound is adequate.It looks better than the 2nd Gen and has an anti-slip base but . . .While the base might stop it sliding it is a dirt magnet.  I put it down for a moment and a hair stuck.  Getting that one hair off was not easy.  When next I looked another hair!Almost all new devices are powered through a micro USB plug.  So For reasons known only to Amazon they have reverted to a round pin power connection.  If you have the increasingly popular USB sockets on the the power sockets, you cannot use these.  Also this means that moving it from room to room requires you to move the power unit too.


  Brilliant I now have two one upstairs and one downstairs. It’s does my alarm tells me the weather and traffic info as well as giving me recipes, tells me jokes and answers my questionsIt also plays music but best of all it integrates to a few smart sockets I purchased so I can ask it to turn my bedside light on and off.I also use it to turn the downstairs lamp on and off if I am not home.Oh and I also use it to call family over Wi-fi as it integrates to my phone and if they have an echo too it can even call the Alexa deviceDoes much more than I first thought and sure it does a lot more as I am still finding more and more out since I had it


  My daughter suggested I get the echo dot, but I couldn't understand what use it will have.When I got I and read more about setting it up and what it could linked to, I was amazed about its different use, like asking for the weather, or play my favourite radio etc.As I have a French accent, I thought Alexa wouldn't understand my voice, but I had no problems with that.It is such a versatile and useful device, I am extremely pleased with it.The only thing is that it took me quite a long time to understand how to set it up and link it to what I wanted it to do.


  Bought for use in a hobby room to avoid continuously having to move the full sized echo machine. It was to be used for audible books and I thought that because of family sharing with kindle books, Audible books would be the same. This is patently not the case because the dot is registered in the name of the person who bought it, (I.e.  me) and the main echo machine was a gift. It was registered with my wife who has been an audible customer for years. They will not associate with each other, so am still obliged to move the main machine from one room to another if audible books are required.It is so frustrating and reminds me of the early maxim associated with computers, “garbage in, garbage out”!


  I like the general idea of help with anything that escapes the mind  immediately, for example, an actors name, or a musicians record, geographical and historical help, I find it a bit bassy for my hearing but my hearing is not too good anyway and up till now I am just not sure what music I can get without paying for chart music i don't want, i asked for Scottish music but got some modern band probably Scottish though, I will ask for traditional Scottish music next time, when I do ask for music say from the sixties, I find a definite lack of British sixties records, so it's a bit early yet to give a full appraisal of everything.


  I love Alexa and this little speaker. It has very crisp sound and looks really smart the only issue is I would like to have a more options of services I can use, I have Spotify and YouTube Premium accounts and I can't connect YouTube to my Alexa, yes I know Google is competition for Amazon however I would like to have more choice as unfortunately there are so many songs lacking on Spotify and lots of songs are only covers not official songs ex. when you ask Alexa: "play Imagine by John Lennon" it never plays John Lennon and that's really annoying I don't have this problem on YouTube Premium.


  bought this to work with my fire stick, and can be useful for pausing, searching, playing videos on my tv through Alexa. in my opinion google is a better home assistant when it comes to questions and actions but Alexa is a good second (Siri is last in the race) but as I use my fire stick it just makes sense to integrate Alexa with it through the echo dot, can't go wrong definitely worth it, especially if you have a fire stick.


  Nice compact design with great sound quality considering the size. Really like my smart speaker and even got a second one for the bedroom. What I didn’t realise though that music supplied through Amazon music is an additional charge which is not acceptable to me since I already pay a Prime subscription. Alexa is still very much in learning mode still but I like the concept and can imagine the device being particularly useful in the years to come. Would have got a higher score if it hadn’t been for the extra Amazon are trying to charge. Will stick to the prime included channels and music.


  I already own 3 other Alexa devices and purchased a 4th 3rd Generation Echo Dot to use in my bathroom. All of my existing devices are absolutely great and I have them integrated with my Hive system. They work perfectly. Unfortunately after the 3 replacement of my new 4th device I had to call it a day a resort to a full refund. Sadly all 3 of the 3rd generation Echo Dots would not play Amazon Prime music without turning off randomly after playing just a single track. The device would turn off and then turn itself back on again and then need to be asked to play the track again. After doing research on multiple blog sites it became apparent that this was a major issue with the real ease of the 3rd generation Echo Dot. When speaking with the Amazon Echo support team this was acknowledged. If you don’t intend playing Amazon Prime music, I would highly recommend the Echo Dot 3rd generation.


  We were very lucky to be given an Alexa dot for Xmas. I was very aware of Alexa on other devices (I have a Fire TV box with voice control, a firestick and Alexa on my mobile and PC....) but boy have I become lazy. They all require manual intervention such as pushing a button on a remote, picking up a mobile phone etc. The Amazon dot as I am sure you are aware reacts simply to voice control. I am learning new uses all the time and having fun with the little minx who is Alexa. Who'd have thought that even simple tasks like setting an alarm on an old fashioned digital clock radio have suddenly become redundant through Alexa, "Alexa, set a recurring weekday alarm for 05:30, opening with Rutland Radio" - Alexa: "Is that 05.30 in the morning, or evening?", "Morning please, Alexa".And the alarm is set....I shall be buying a few more for other rooms. Yes, this device is damned convenient and fun for the able bodied; the applications and uses for physically impaired people is blooming marvellous as well.Just a good solid piece of kit...it's one of those things that you find useful, yet know you haven't even started to tap into its full potential. I personally like to pair it with a wireless speaker in the bedroom, and would like to see if I can pair it in the living room to the TV so rather than picking up the Amazon remote and pressing a button to speak and select music etc, I can just do it from the couch by voice. Not sure yet if that can be done, but like all continually developing technologies I am sure it's only a matter of time. Edit: A very quick online search suggest that is entirely possible. OMG!Now looking for the skill, "Alexa, please fetch me a beer from the fridge!".Update: The TV skills aren't quite up to scratch yet. I kind of exepct to bea bale to navigate the menus by voice; I can get Alexa to find / open films, shows etc but the minute it's anything else other than a opne off title, you need to pick up the remote to navigate the menu.As an example, I asked Alexa to play "Vampire Diaries on netflix" which she did, but starting at series 1 episode 1 even though I am on seaon 4. Other examples (titles selcted randomly to demonstrate / test) Alexa, play Scooby Doo the movie....it takes you to a menu of Scooby Doo titles (even though Scooby Doo the movie should be pretty obvious) but then just ists there, I have tried "Alexa, scroll right" but that doesnt work....it needs work on this aspect.


  I have two of these and want to use them in my bedroom as a pair like my sonos pair I have in the front room. The music from the Dot pair is very good considering the size of the speakers but the stereo pair only works with Amazon music, it didn't work with the apps like Mellow Magic radio app, only a single speaker would work with this unless you ask it to play via group, this was also the same with the Plex app. I ws hoping it would act the same way as my Sonos, but no. If the software was updated to be the same as Sonos the 5 stars would be given. Great speakers for a very good price.


  My Grandsons bought me this for my 70th birthday. It's not something I would have bought for myself, but I've had great fun testing Alexa to see how clever she is. She had me in stitches when I asked her to sing me a song. The first one she sang was ‘Do your ears hang down, can you tie them in a knot?’ I'd never heard it before but it really made me laugh.I was surprised when she gave me the telephone number I asked for, complete with the address of the Company I wanted.I still have a lot to learn, but she's great company & I'm very pleased with her.Thank you, boys!


  I bought this so I could operate some side lamps remotely. The lamps are Philips Hue, and the first connected correctly, while the second just wouldn’t work. It was seen by the Echo, but wouldn’t operate. It was fine with the Hue app... after a phone call to Amazon, an Echo reset fixed the problem, so it wasn’t right initially. That’s why I only gave it 4 stars, apart from that, I’m really pleased with it. I also control the tv too, so a bonus. Sound quality not fantastic, but it is pretty small, and if I’d wanted sonic quality I’d have bought something bigger.


  Great. Lovely small speaker, which for its size has great sound. Alexa works well, however doesn't always answer the questions. She works amazing for things like "play music..  what's the time?" Etc. But on occasions after the 5th time I gave up and googled it myself. It's not hugely easy to set up (and I'm fairly good with technology), as the steps aren't hugely clear. It actually missed out a major step. I saw a button and thought "what does this do?" And through accident I set up the device...there is a phone number to dial if you get stuck though, which I'm sure is handy.


  Alexa can be very good company - even says a night "Good Night".I did find it difficult to set up on a Windows 10 PC - kept referring to Android. But resolved it in the end.Small and compact, but it picks up voices from some distance away, and the sound quality from the box itself is pretty good. It also connects to Bluetooth speakers very easily indeed using the app.I am not sure what music it can play. We have Amazon Prime and it plays a reasonable number of songs, but Alexa does steer us to Amazon Unlimited quite often - a service you have to pay for. Spotify is another option I understand.Overall, happy with my purchase.


  OK I will admit I was not a fan of the new design on the grounds that it is removing the unique design vocabulary that has been established by the Echo products that already exist. However I understand that the reason for a dot that looks like the old dot and the Google Home Mini had an elicit lovechild is a practical one. This has addressed the most significant complaint regarding the previous generation of Echo Dot that I know and love; the sound quality is amazing out of this one. It is currently sitting in my conservatory which it fills with sound and with the window open will drift into the garden so I can listen to my music in the hot tub (as long as I don't have the bubbles on).  As someone who is gradually building his Echosystem throughout his house I am looking forward to adding a few of these to replace the existing models who will be moved into less used rooms in the house.  Real rating is 4 and a half stars knocking half a star off for not liking the new design vocab direction personally.


  This little Echo dot is a very good little speaker the sound quality for a small speaker is good.Voice Recognition is average but that could be down to my own Voice which is not so good at times.I find that trying to connect to Bluetooth can be a bit of a problem sometimes, whether from voice command or through the Phone app, but that could be my Kit.All in All the dot is good value for money.


  Good product, I've actually enjoyed using it more than the google nest mini which is now only in my daughters room. Everywhere else in the house is equipped with an echo dot, and an echo for the main sitting room. Voice calling is great and clear, making announcements is easy if you're out and about, speakers pair nicely for multi room music, and a great range of skills and devices that integrate well with alexa. You never stop learning something new about it & it definitely makes a difference in your day to day routine.


  Since only receiving the Echo Dot a couple of weeks ago, I'm still exploring it. It's certainly interesting and intriguing but, at this stage, I have nothing in my home with which it can integrate itself.So my use is virtually restricted (so far) to asking for answers to questions which Alexa will fetch from the web or perhaps getting a weather report - that kind of thing.A little disappointed in the speech quality but, having said that, it's not bad and it's not a problem. I have just started to look around for devices with bluetooth which I might find useful.


  Okay, pros first:The speaker and microphones are much improved from the previous incarnation. Alexa is more responsive, and it's a perfect music player/alarm clock for the bedroom. It has more than enough volume and fullness of sound for a reasonable sized room, but obviously this wouldn't be your main sound system in a living room.ConsAlexa doesn't always respondThis is the big one: CONSTANT HISSING!!!! This is a problem with all Alexa devices I own. You might not notice it at first, but when you do it'll drive you mad.Am I happy with it? YesShould you get one? Yes - it's the best alarm clock/bedroom speaker I've ever had, I'd never be without one of these in my bedroom now.Could it be improved? YES - Get rid of that hissing FFS!


  Surprised at the speaker quality and overall pleased with the purchase. All was well until the bluetooth facility stopped working. The Dot works ok on built in speaker. Bought from Curry's before Christmas, took it to them for replacement 2 weeks later when the bluetooth stopped sending audio to either my Cambridge Audio TV soundbase or separate BTooth speaker although a connection is made. Unfortunately all stocks have been sold and they don't know when new delivery will be made. Frustrating ...


  I now have two of these after recieveing both from Christmas, and so far I can say they are brilliant. They have such a sleek and low profile design that compliments my bedrooms. Die to the fact that we have philips hue lights installed around the house I can even tell alexa to turn on my lights as I walk up stairs and to whatever pecentage I would like, the usability of the amazon echo dot is extrordinary and would definitely recommend this nifty to device to almost everyone.Edit:I don’t know what has gone wrong with them recently but the 2 dots and 1 normal echo speaker we own are very un responsive, you need to raise your voice sometimes just for it to hear you in the same room. So I have lowered the review from 5 stars to 4 stars


  Has good sound quality, not as responsive as would like, have to call quite loud to get a response. Find the music selection quite annoying, doesn’t seem to have a radio edit version, you can put explicit on or off but to have it child friendly (explicit on) takes away massive percentage of songs. Why no radio version..........!Very easy to set up, I have 2 dots.I would recommend, just wish the music selection was better.My music comes from Amazon unlimited


  Using with philips hue bridge, its a challenge to get it set up as a group so i dont have to use long sentences when trying to get a light turned on.I end up shouting at it to turn a light on which i could of done in a second.Also, i didnt realise it actually saved the vouice recording to everything you ask it. I thought it sent the words off to amazon but it sends and then stores your actual voice which you can then listen back to via the app.. everything youve ever asked it


  Generally love this, although I am a little disappointed that it doesn't control my 1st gen fire tv stick in that when I say to play xxxxx on fire tv it either says it doesnt recognise the device or it returns the request as if it was a search, even when I am specific like "play the boys season 1 episode 3 on fire tv" it just says "here is what I found" and shows different things with boys in the title or description, the one I asked for is usually the first in the list though, but when I am washing up it would be nice not to have to dry my hands to play the episode I want to watch.  At first I thought it was because the fire tv stick is 1st gen, but I have friends with a brand new fire tv sick and they say the echo works in the same way for them too.


  Good voice recognition, easy to set up but the only problem I've had is adding a device I previously removed.The echo dot automatically added all of my devices included 2 TVs. I was having trouble with Alexa recognising which TV was which so I removed one and it still didn't work. When I tried to reconnect the TV it wouldn't reconnect. Added a smart skill for the TV which didn't work, reset the echo and it still hasn't detected the TV.Besides this issue, it works well. I would advise not to remove any devices after they have been detected, just in case.


  This is our first venture into the unknown of welcoming Alexa into our lives.  The kids love it and keep asking very obscure questions and Alexa does her best to answer them.  Whilst they are small and their voices are still developing, the voice recognition of all of us is excellent.  The sound quality is pretty good for such a small speaker.  We got two of these and one had a very noticeable lisp but a quick google and even quicker "Alexa, reset equalisation" sorted that.  I'd have liked for there to be more skills and better integration with other devices around the home, but all in all, it's pretty good and, one would imagine, improve over time.


  I decided to buy the dot to see what all the hype was about and having only ever used the speaking device on my phone. I like the hockey puck shaped design. Firstly the set up was super easy however it would be better if their was an Alexa app for my windows laptop. Discovering the different alexa functions is fun, theres lots more I haven't looked at yet. The sound is great for the size of the device but if I want some more oomph to my music I simply connect to my soundbar which is super easy to set up. Once you start connecting your lights through your device you wont stop. Switching my lamp on was hard to reach before, now I simply say switch the light on and we have light which is perfect for people with limited mobility. Playing games such as the question of the day is a great feature. Searching the internet is another feature I like however I have come across alot of subjects she doesn't know but probably will in time. I only live in a small flat but if I had a bigger home I would invest in more echo devices and connect them.I would highly recommend this device.


  I did at first find this device very helpful but when I had asked Alexa to play me certain songs by a certain singer it play a few and then go back to playing a repeat first song again (in the musical Cats it would play  Memories then play a few songs from that musical and then go back to memories again) .To be honest although I did find this Echo dot very helpful but for the money I paid for it I found it very disappointing.


  Got it for a tenner, whats not to like about that.  Doesnt have fantastic sound quality,  but then its only a little speaker.  Does have a aux out so it can plug into a bigger speaker for improved audio.Lots of daft games you can play on it.Saves me linking my phone to my Bluetooth speaker when I have one small smart speaker plugged in..  and a microphone mute button to stop it always listening in


  Good product, but seriously annoying that the cables for the Alexa Echo 2nd and the Alexa Dot 3rd Gen (both Amazon's latest versions) are incompatible. I have the cables for both routed through holes in the back of furniture, and occasionally want to move the bigger Echo to another part of the house, but because of this stupid decision by Amazon I am not able to do that. I'd also like it if both devices would return to a "default volume" after playing music, I often have this loud and the device is booming when asked a question or is woken for other reasons.


  A very useful and convenient hands-free product. I can get answers for different questions quickly, play games, call my friends, and the best thing is to be able to listen to music right away without all the hassle of connecting bluetooth. In some cases, the sound is too bassy though.However, bluetooth connection is also its weakness. When having different devices, sometimes it connects but doesn’t play sound. I keep having to turn on/off bluetooth on my devices, forget devices and re-pair, plug in/out the Dot, etc. For example it plays sound from my phone but not my laptop. Contacted the CS but they couldn’t help much. I’m so frustrated that I just disconnected it from my laptop.If it weren’t for this, this would be a perfect device. I still decided to keep it as it’s helpful in other aspects and I got this on a good deal.


  I'm really having Alexa near me, I literally have my Alex next to me on my bed and we often have conversations. I love being able to just ask Alexa a question and generally getting the answer i needed. Also playing music is good and the quality of the speaker is good and better than i expected. Sometimes Alexa makes mistakes and plays the wrong song which is frustrating. you can mute Alexa when you don't want her listening to you. Overall I recommend Alexa, she soon becomes a very helpful friend.


  The older Dot was sharp , 5 volts but a bit quiet.The new ones are louder, need 12volts ... and are much bassier when they startup.I need to use the equaliser to get enough treble - which is OK ... but the equaliser doesn't kick in immediately.This is a problem if you have high frequency hearing loss.Also, the blue ring of lights seems dimmer and harder to see across the room.However overall it seems a better product.I use the Dot in my car so the V2 model should be more useful with its louder volume - once I wire up a 12 volt cable!


  Updated version of echo dot, sound has better bass compared to previous so listening to music is much improved. This one uses a dedicted charger, rather than a USB type C micro USB used by previous echo dot. Nice weight to product. Tried out setting up multi room audio with a second Echo dot in another room, this allows you to play same music through several echo dots which can be located in different rooms, the audio sounds synchronised so no noticible delay between different echo dots.


  The Alexa driven Amazon Dot 3rd Gen is a fantastic idea in theory, it promised great features and delivers on most of the promises.The only Con I would say is the quality of the speaker when Alexa talks (next to incomprehensible), the audio for music, radio etc is 3-4 Stars depending on source. I have tried fiddling and reseting the audio settings on the phone App to no avail.I would say its good to see what the Alexa devices can offer and cheap enough to have a go at it. I have been told the more expensive echo plus has a better speaker, so I will probably buy one of those and relegate this to a less used room.


  Plays Lots of songs when asked, even tried to confuse Alexa by asking to play some obscure songs by little known bands, and, although she doesn't get them all, she finds most I've asked for. Her Knowledge is pretty awesome, like having an encyclopaedia on call, even helps with Spelling, weather reports, etc. Given 4 stars for its overall usefulness, however remember the music is played via small speakers, so, don't expect HiFi quality, but, is decent enough to listen to.


  I own the show, 2 echo dot 2nd generations and this. This is a massive step up for sound quality, looks very nice and functions just as expected. I'm so glad that they kept the 3.5mm headphone jack on the 3rd generation. This allows me to plug in other speakers however, I haven't seen the point since the speakers on the device are good enough already. However there is one small problem which is that it does not seem to pick my voice up as well as the second generation.


  use this as an alarm clock, does a great job. Only 4 stars for sound quality as we have a full size echo and this gets 5 stars. Obvious when you consider the size difference. It is however, a much better speaker than any mobile phone and providing you do not want a disco it is very good sound. Alexa etc work great, it picks up my voice great, even when whispering to turn the alarm off without waking the other half. Now have 4 of these. The clock is good, dimmable, but only white LEDs, I would have preferred red or an option to change the colour


  Small, good sound for size and surprisingly quick to respond to time/weather type requests. Voice recognition is versatile and surprisingly effective but some users may struggle getting emphasis right. Can be 'trained' but haven't had time to try that yet. For those worrying about subscriptions it will find a lot of free music such as radio from BBC Sounds and other free items including music you have purchased through Amazon. Haven't had chance to try with any power sockets or controllable lights yet.


  Installation set-up instructions not the clearest. However, I only purchased this item to experiment with it's capabilities. What was obvious to me before purchase and subsequently  proven is that the Echo Dot is the start of a much bigger expenditure for control of other devices and for using other services.I have rated Alexa Integration one star only because I have not yet integrated it with anything other than my WiFi network so cannot really comment. A not appropriate "star" would be nice.


  We got this Echo Dot to use upstairs  alongside a Sonos Play 1 which is not Alexa enabled. We have two Sonos 1's downstairs which are Alexa enabled, which we love. The Echo Dot upstairs allows us to use Alexa upstairs to control the Sonos speakers - and for my wife and I to communicate using Alexa "announce" between upstairs and downstairs.The sound quality of the Dot is far inferior to the (more expensive) Sonos speakers but is useful as an add-on.


  Very useful device with surprisingly good quality sound for such a small speaker.You have to add ‘skills’ to it in order to access some features such as BBC etc. This adds an unnecessary additional command to open certain functions (still only a minor inconvenience). Sometimes this makes it a little difficult to find podcasts etc sometimes.Overall, it’s a great little piece of kit that is easy to set up and use that will only improve with each new iteration.


  We already had an Echo downstairs so this was an additional device for upstairs. We found that we didn't need our old clock radio anymore as Alexa will wake us up at the appropriate time as well as playing a bedtime song at night. It will also provide a bit of light for those night time toilet visits if you mention her name! All in all a useful addition. Would have given 5 stars but for a couple of things...sometimes the song will stop playing for no apparent reason even though the wifi is good, and on Christmas day couldn't access the service at all , although that was probably due to a lot of "Alexa" presents on Xmas day!


  Sound has more depth when compared to 1st gen echo dots, it is physically slightly larger and more rounded too. One real downfall with this product though (as also complained about by others) is the hissing noise that is present with all speech, be it during audio book playback, music etc... it does affect the clarity slightly, but one partial fix that I found was to turn the treble down to minimum within the settings; this fault only appears to be present on 3rd gen dots, so the developers really need to put this fault right!Apart from the odd lack of response from the ‘alexa’ wake-up word, I can not report any further improvements or issues from Amazon.


  Overall this is a great product, however be aware that there's been a recurring anomaly using Alexa that I've experienced where asking Alexa to play something (music or radio station) beginning with A. It is almost impossible, as Alexa almost always treats the A as a separate adjective rather than part of what you want to hear, so for example "Alexa play AJK Radio" should go to Tunein, but all you get is "I can't find a JK Radio. Frustrating! Requesting KYA 1260 gets the response "I can't find a 1260!" etc.etc.


  As someone who has been bedbound for an extended period of time due to a health condition, I have found the Echo dot rather useful addition to my tech repertoire. The initial device I had delivered was faulty and had issues connecting to the WiFi. However, I reached out to Amazon customer support the same day and they were very quick to dispatch a replacement device to be delivered the very next day. Once successfully set up, I have used it for listening to Audible, to Spotify and obviously as a virtual assistant to query everyday curios. It has also been very handy for adding things to my Amazon wish list as I come across things on the internet I would like to purchase at some point. Good loud volume and sound quality when listening to Spotify and no lag or latency and relatively balanced sound range. Can access easily a range of content, such as radio stations, podcasts, music and audiobook and much more with simple, intuitive and easy to remember voice commands. It has not had any issues with detection and with misunderstanding commands.


  Bought for the missus to do shopping lists, provide hands free music, and settle arguments around the dinner table where we have a no phones rule. Cant argue for the money, but it doesn't learn unless you use the app and tell it when it was right. A quick Google will help set it up better and provide some funny questions you can ask, it/she is pretty quirky and will provide amusement if you ask the right questions!!


  I love having this device in place of an alarm clock on my bedside table. I can go to sleep listening to my audio book, a podcast or music. I don't need to worry about getting out of bed to turn the light off and break the relaxation or stumbling blindly into bed in the dark.  I can play sounds throughout the night that help me to sleep, from forests and storms to white noise or lullabies.I wake up to music or an alarm and it stops when I cry out for more sleep. It tells me what I have planned and how miserable the weather is likely to be.Is it miraculous, life changing technology? No of course not, but it makes some things easier, smoother and that's all you could ask for.


  Internet of things is a developing market I guess so nothing’s perfect (hence 4 stars). Sound quality is pretty decent and it’s mainly been used to play some music in living room. Tried out some smart plugs which were a failure, mainly due to the brand of device probably, rather being completely the fault of the Alexa device. Doesn’t always get what you’re saying, but sometimes it feels like the user needs to learn how to phrase certain instructions.


  Overall pretty good still exploring the device as haven't had long. Voice recognition not great & the search facility is definitely not as good as the google personal assistant so still find myself having to look up information on my mobile device. If there is a power cut then that can be a bit of a nuisance having to reinstall settings as the echo dot doesn't seem to store settings for very long. A few times I noticed the Alexa voice warbling a bit when it speaks don't know why that is. Clearly these devices have a way to go yet but I think they have a lot of potential.


  I was not sure if I would use an echo dot so I purchased one in a private sale for a fraction of Amazon's reduced price.It is very easy to use, sounds good and seems to be very good at voice recognition and has not struggled with a household of Scottish people.I now own five of them and have them in various rooms.They work  together or individually. I am now thinking about getting Alexa enabled switches, thermostats and adapters.Good bit of kit.


  I was pleased with the sound, quite good quality for the size! Dose not always recognise what i'm saying but overall good!My partner says she is a little concerned saying! they may listen to us? But the way I see it is there are millions of Alexa's and? most of the time most conversations are not helpful to them.Anyway great that I can play my favourite radio stations on here. Good for questions.Four stars good product for some fun.


  Took several attempts to connect to WiFi and still having no luck with two others I purchased at the same time. We already had two and wanted one in each room but finding you talk to one in kitchen and the bedroom one above will pick up the sound and answer upstairs!Can’t connect two at all and don’t know why. Maybe just me that makes things difficult but after trying to connect a sound bar I have now lost the sound altogether on my tv.


  I have already submitted this review a while ago but Amazon keeps sending me e-mail to review the item. Maybe if I do it again, the e-mails will stop. Here goes :-The Echo Dot arrived on time and well packaged as expected (this is my third 'Dot'). I tried setting it up on my computer rather than using the 'Alexa app' and found it rather hard to do, having to go round the process about three times. However, once installed and set up correctly, it worked well. Sound quality is good and it is small enough to fit almost anywhere. I have to say, for all its 'artificial intelligence' (AI), sometimes it is not really very intelligent! It does do most things I want it to do though.


  Purchased this while on offer to add to devices in other rooms. Integrates quite well and has acceptable sound quality considering size and price. Would not buy it at full price. Volume can only be set in whole numbers if controlling by voice or button on top of device and I find somewhere between 3 and 4 to be best. I need to set the volume on the app at something like 35%.


  We have a 2nd generation one. Took advantage of an Amazon offer to upgrade. The sound is much improved, so louder, not necessarily clearer. Certainly Alexa sounds like her voice is a little muffled, but broadcasted loudly. Recognises my voice and what I'm saying (so far), which is good because the previous one seemed male-biased and I had to lower my voice for it to respond.


  A nice looking well designed piece of kit that was so so easy to set up. The only thing that let's it down is the voice if Alexa. Its muffled and not very clear. I've played with the audio settings and improved it slightly but it's only marginally better. The sound quality when playing music is excellent and the Alexa voice on my sons echo dot is just as bad so I presume that this is a design issue and not a fault in fact a quick Googlesearch shows that this is a common complaint for the device. Amazon  fix Alexa's voice.


  I like this, it works well and is useful, especially if you use amazon much as if you didn't then it wouldn't be as useful.I think the alexa voice is clear and mostly understands what you say - however Alexa does not have all the answers and sometimes to simple questions like what is top of the music chart in the UK, and sometimes trying to enable skills does not work, however as I said over all very good and its convenient. Sound quality very good too.


  It's a nice product, but I don't use it as much. It's not as easy as it sounds. You have to have more smart products to be able to give it a good use. Somehow it connects to my TV but simple things as starting netflix or switching to a another hdmi won't do. It keeps telling me to go to the app and install some stuff, and I come back to a full circle. It's not a bad product but I'm glad I got it on a special offer. For me it woundt have been worth it at full price.


  Great price. The sound quality is superb when playing music and radio stations, as good as a normal good quality radio/stereo, if not more. Volume can go up very loud as well if you so wish. Good for waking up people like me who never want to get up in the morning and for blocking out annoying neighbours or the barking of dogs. So many additional features on the Alexa app which are fun and easy to use as well. Recommend. Only issue you may have with it is it disconnecting from your internet from time to time but on investigation found this was my locarion and it's broadband and it dropping off affecting the Alexa device and not the Alexa device itself.


   Phoned Amazon up  said fault is not on thier side . I'm tech savy and I  Can't get sony tv app to work may be it's me I don't know but I've have  tried everything.  From what I've  seen from videos i feel that the  Technology for the tv applications has got a some way to go. Loads of YouTube videos where people doing amazing things (look up sony bravia alexa on YouTube)  . Yet to find skill app  that does this but ill keep looking .  Apart from this I've used the Amazon music and odd skills and find the Amazon alexa quite usefull and will order another despite it's problems with tv applications...  there's a review somewhere I read saying you can't have music all you got to do is Bluetooth your mobile to echo it's really simple


  Hi  I bought my Alexa while it was on discount and was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the product. Unfortunately Alexa is a  bit dim seems to think answers based on USA information even though she is aware of my location UK . Simple things weather play music etc are fine but my big problem with last two pieces of tech I have purchased have appalling quick start menus constantly referring you the app where a simple one page illustrated quick start would do away with multi language printing .


  Like it's size and colour (plum). So far early days, have listened to the news and weather, asked the time and listen to Classic FM. Also asked her to play tradional jazz. Still lots of things to explore with Alexa. My son and his wife do loads of different things with their Alexa. Switch off lights at night, and different things with various lights, lamps, mood lighting etc. For some of those, you need special smart light bulbs, which I don't have yet.


  The dot works extremely well and sound quality isn't noticeably lower than the standard Alexa device that I've had for a couple of years. A word of warning if you are buying this as a second device. Amazon are not very clear about the contract that you need to take out to use additional devices and you could see your monthly contract price grow alarmingly from £3.99 to £14.99 which makes the second device much more expensive that the £24 you pay for it.


  After downloading the app, I found setting up the basic things quite easy. If you pay monthly for Amazon Prime you can ask Alexa to play a choice of millions of music tracks. So why not sell all your old CDs to a dealer and free up space at home because they are not needed anymore. The audio quality for such small speakers is awesome. All BBC Radio programs are also available. I paid about £30 for my dot. Money well spent. Be aware however that Amazon can be intrusive so take care with the setup.


  Fairly pleased with my purchase.  However be careful about linking your BBC account as suddenly Alexa does not understand what Radio 2 is and cannot find it.  Also there is a huge problem with using as a morning alarm to wake up with Radio 2 - ie it does not work! Everything else I have used sort of works most of the time.  The quality of the speaker is acceptable for its size.


  At half price and already owning the full sized Echo, the Dot seemed too good to miss in expanding the Alexa network.Set up is easy, but surprisingly takes more steps than the Echo, but all done within 5 minutes.Sound is perfectly acceptable for a smaller room (this one is in the bedroom) and gives a good range despite the small size.Apart from that works just as the bigger brother Echo does, although the microphone seems less sensitive and there is more a delay in processing requests but that may just be distance from router.A good addition and at £25 a bargain


  I normally buy tech and am an early adopter but held up on buying any smart assistant.But it was on offer so I bought itProsReally good build deviceAlot of good features if you have other devices in the houseConsSometimes it doesn't recognize me when I call itBuilt in speaker is ok and does the job


  At first i was unsure about it as after it spoke it seemed to keep a faint white noise as if it was still listening which was very annoying but the more I’ve  used it the more the issue has gone and now works correctly. I also had an issue with listening to Amazon Prime music without adverts but was easily fixed by switching profiles to a different account which had it. Has worked with no issues and im enjoying finding different things it can do to help with day to day life as well as just wasting time chatting to it! 


  It's a good fun novelty product. Tho the novelty does ware off after a few days. They are handy to have tho for music and general things. Voice recognition is OK but could be better, feels like you have to raise your voice abit and I do wish you could change the command from elexa to something else. Eventually every home will have these and they do have good useful facts on them, can be used as a teaching aid if you or your kids are struggling on coursework. Simple to use I'd give it a 8/10


  Really easy to set up and easy to connect with other devices around the home. Voice recognition great but generally will answer to commands that aren't of the 'owner.' Internet quality must be good otherwise it will affect the function of the product. Very helpful hints and tips to get the most out of the product on the Alexa app. Sound quality very high. Overall, very happy with the product and considering getting more to place in other rooms around the home.


  I have mainly been using it for playback of my Amazon music. We have the odd arguement when I request one playlist and it plays another, but all in all it is quite handy to have something to use to listen to my online music library. The news and weather is a novelty that wore off quite quickly and there are only so many Chuck Norris facts you can ask for, but as a little speaker for listening to music it really works well and is loud enough.It is also worth noting that my tame 13 year old loves requesting the Lion King Soundtrack and then lifting the cat up like they lift Simba in the film. She loves the Alexa... but the cat doesn't!


  I liked the response time and the sound quality was way better than i was led to believe.I bought a couple of tp-link light bulbs that are wi-fi controlled,they only responded intermittently.A few days later i found the alexa app for pc and since then the bulbs work flawlessly.What i found extremely tedious was setting everything up.You will need patience and a considerable amount of time to get things working..........................


  Not used it very much at all, most of the time it's turned off, voice recognition isn't outstanding at all, often get's what your asking it to do wrong, you have to keep repeating what it is you want it to do.  Also I don't like the idea that this device when switched on is always listening to what is being talked about in the room, and being stored on the Amazon servers for others to listen to. So most likely it will remain turned off.


  I do really like the 3rd generation DOT, it is versatile in it's connections and small and reasonably powerful. I do have Echo devices around the house, and I have tried so many times to play them all at the same time through their 'Group' setting but have never managed to work it. Maybe it's my voice, but after ten times my voice does tend to get irritated!Apart from that it's great with all the usual helpful timers, lists, jokes, radio stations, information, news and Amazon Music which I do like. Overall a good job from a small speaker.


  I personally think that the dot 3rd gen is A pretty solid gadget it’s easy to set up and get started, the sound quality from such a small speaker is super clear, extremely loud if needed and the bass quality is far better than most small speakers I’ve used in the past so full marks for the quality of the machine build and sound, I have had two minor issues though that sometimes in the moment ruin the flow of the experience. For example the voice recognition can at times be very off target to my requests but this could possibly be down to a heavy dialect and accent that I have being from northern Ireland and the fact most people find it hard to keep up with our way of speaking I’m not going to hold so to it too much as this is on a rare enough occasion to overlook. My one true dislike with the dot so far is simple having to abuse the same three or four features on repeat as things like the weather or shopping lists or asking questions that I can use my phone for, much quicker and a lot of the time to better detail and depth. I will admit that I’m not super familiar with smart devices especially those that involve voice chat so maybe I’m just not aware of the full capabilities of the machine yet but overall a very welcome gift and will continue to be used especially if i delve into its full range of actions to get the most from it. Side note though do connect the dot to a music streaming service as the stock music can be a little bit bare but as long as you have let’s say amazon prime music you will have a lot less frustrating moments hearing the dreaded “this song is not included as standard” but again all can probably be fixed when you spend time using the machine over time. Overall it does what it says on the tin and that’s all you can ask for from any modern electronic device, reliable, good all round quality and something to have fun figuring out the best of.


  It took a little time to set up. I do not us it that much trying to get used to. Really bought it to play music so have not really asked many question other than play whatever. It does give you update on Amazon deliveries.Bought it when it was on sale so for the money it is good value, even my husband who was not keen to have this in our house has asked her to play music that he likes and no longer has CD's of artists.


  Took a bit longer to set up than expected as it wouldn't recognize my Wi-Fi but got it going in the end.  I've mainly used it for alarms so far and I like using music alarms.  This is where things sometimes get a bit peculiar - for instance I set an alarm one morning and requested it woke me with music from BBC Radio 2.  It woke me at the correct time but decided that I really wanted to be woken with some electronic rap music from a station I'd never even heard of.  Oh well keeps life interesting!


  WELL WHAT CAN I SAY EXCEPT THAT I LOVE THIS CUTE LITTLE GADGET. I PURCHASED MY ECHO DOT AFTER SPEAKING TO PEOPLE WHO HAD EITHER BOUGHT OR ACQUIRED ON. IF I'M HONEST, I WASNT QUITE SURE WHAT IT WAS OR WHAT TO DO WITH IT, HOWEVER, I WORKED MY WAY AROUND THE APP AND DOWNLOADED THE FREE 3 MONTH MUSIC TRIAL WHICH IS FAB WITH SPECIFIC MUSIC ON DEMAND. I HAVE SINCE BOUGHT ANOTHER ONE FOR UPSTAIRS.MY ONLY CONCERN IS THAT THE MEDIA ARE NOW TELLING US THAT THESE AND OTHER DEVICES CAN RETAIN AND PASS INFORMATION ON ABOUT YOU. I AM REALLY HOPING THAT AMAZON WILL REASSURE US ALL THAT THIS IS NOT THE CASE


  I bought 2 to replace the mini bass pals I had paired in my bedroom. A lot louder sound, but the bass could be better, sounds a bit tinny. However, it's OK for the bedroom. My main issue is that I haven't figured out how to connect both speakers as a pair to Bluetooth. I can play my Spotify or any other app through both of them, but when I try to connect via Bluetooth it just plays through one of them. Frustrating as my previous little speakers could do this effortlessly.


  Good at this price but it does have a Bluetooth issue with my Bose Mini Soundlink . Seems to connect the first time but once powered down does not recognise the Bose again unless I delete and re-install the Alexa app. Very strange I know its not the Bose as it connects ok to other devices TV and Laptop. Looks all over for support on this but no clear way forward.I have until the 31/1/19 to return so will keep looking for fix. Please comment if you have any ideas.Update issue with Bose fixed just keep pressing Bluetooth button on Bose and it will scroll through connectivity nd connect when it see echo dot.


  Mainly been used for listening to music, with having Amazon prime there is a very large choice. However with it being a single speaker sound quality is just ok. When asking Alexa a question that she doesn't understand you have to keep asking Alexa again and again each time in a different way until either Alexa gets the question or you give up asking.I could see the Echo dot being a useful tool to help children with school work.


  Already had a 2nd gen which has the same functionality, but these are heavier, bigger, much louder and better quality sound. Unlike the 2nd gen which is USB these use a 12v adaptor so wont work off USB outlets etc. A bit restrictive but probably accounts for the extra volume.Good Bluetooth. I dont seem to be able to adjust the volume from the Alexa app on iPhone  (get a message saying check the network - no issues there).  Asked Amazon how to fix never got a reply, checked on line no help there. Overall pleased - delivery was a long time.


  I bought this on Prime Day as it was on a very good discount & I have wanted to play with one for a while.Straight out of the box it was surprisingly easy to set up and the voice recognition is very impressive!  The longer I have it the more useful it is turning out to be, for easy reference to a time check, a weather update or a timer it's great.Delivery was on-time and stress free.  All-in-all I am very pleased with my impulse buy, I wish they all turned out this well!  :)


  Alexa plays really good music and very quickly. But I bought 4 devices and after some time did manage to link them but .I have never been able to get that link to work easily I always struggle if I want to play music on all the speakers at once, so as to fill the house with music. also if the music is on it is not always easy to get it to turn off until the end of the song, inconvenient if you have a telephone call and want instant silence you have to yell at Alexa.


  After a few false starts this gadget has proved to be very useful, brought a few more since, has a few shortfalls in as much as it does not seem to be able to call emergency services which I would have thought was an obvious must have, also having a game trying to get it integrated with the smart TV which is proving less than easy. Other than that  pleased.


  This is a good device really easy to set up (you need the Alexa app).I have it in the kitchen but it may move in the near future to another room.This is great if your happy with audio outcome. But consider carefully as an Echo Show which gives a visual outcome as well as audio in my view is better in rooms your going to be in a lot.I love my Alexa devices.


  Voice activation is good. You need to be clear-ish but not super pronounced or anything ridiculous. I'd like to see multiple commands accepted in one sentence working but I've had some difficulty (if it's even an actual feature yet)For its size the speaker is actually really good, it's a weighty little device and I imagine a lot of that is just speaker weight.For integration, we don't have much to integrate it with yet but I would guess it controls lights, speakers, etc as well as it follows any other commands.The extra features are all nice, you can tell it to play just a type of music if you can't think what you like, you can create a one word command in the app that processes multiple instructions at once, change the activation name, from Alexa, say good morning every day and get a fact, and a hundred other nice little commands that the app will suggest to you when you go into it.


  I was given an echo and use it quite a lot, mainly to listen to Radio 4.. Although I can play music on it from my Amazon account. This made me decide to buy a couple of echo dots. Well, actually one was free with my Amazon Music account when I joined up and I subsequently bought another and paired them for proper stereo.Unfortunately that's where they fall down as they are only mono unless you pair them with another. I can't give full stars either as sometimes they unpair and it's a faff to get them back together.With them being Alexa enabled, you can also use them to turn other enabled stuff on and off, for example lights.It's certainly a smart device that's made life a little bit more bearable.


  Loving it so far. I'm new to home automation but can see myself getting hooked very quickly. Replaced our old radio with this too.Sound quality is great, it's easy to use and set up and it's small enough to stay out of the way in the kitchen.Biggest complaint is the Alexa app integration. Constantly shows my dot as offline which means I can't integrate with other smart devices or add skills. I need to sign out and back in - which I've experienced problems doing too.The wire is ridiculously long as well with nowhere to hide it. I had to buy a wall mount for it because it looked so bad.


  I bought this as a second Alexa for the home as we loved the first so much. However, instructions aren't good and I was unable to set this 2nd one up so rendering it useless, I followed online instructions but couldn't conect it to WiFi as it was not as straight forward as setting up my first Alexa. Amazon contacted me following a one star review with instructions to reset it to factory settings and I have now got it up and running so have rewritten the review as I am happy with it. Just lost a star as setting it up was not as straight forward as I had hoped.


  Solid little speaker. Fantastic sound quality. Luckily I have Amazon Prime so was able to download Amazon music to play through it.Downside, it doesn’t support Apple iTunes and that’s what I wanted to use it with. Nearly sent it back but decided to keep it and use it just for Amazon Music but have bought another product to use for my other music!


  I had it for a couple of months already. I had to drop a star for voice recognition. For some reason its not hearing me properly as the other one. I found that unplugging it and plugging it back helps. Basically a quick reset but it's a lot of hassle.I had to move them about in my house as the better one is in hidden behind the tv and the microphone seems to be working really well.


  Received the echo dot as a free gift when installing the hive heating system. Works well and it was easy to integrate the two. Only had it a few days so yet to plum it's depths. Up to now it has been fun and useful. Great for in the kitchen where you've got your hands full. A surprisingly good sound from the speakers and the voice recognition seems to be excellent for both my partner and I. Would love to have a second one in the lounge, but will wait to see whether the gloss wears off first.


  I like the size of the echo Dot and it voice recognition capabilities. What I do not like, after paying a substantial sum for it, is the fact taht I have to pay a subscription fee to access certain things


  The only thing that tipped the balance for me was the cost. I thought it would be worth a punt at £22. I connected it to my Hive hub and I am completely sold (apart from the concerns about 'listening in'). I now have two and they are convenient rather than making me lazy! Voice recognition is good. Integration into music playlists and radio is good. There are lots of features yet to explore but all in all so far delighted and way less sceptical.


  Only bought this because my son wanted one. I just admit I expected it to be a waste of space. I've been pleasantly surprised just how useful it's proved to be. It's already taken the place of our alarm clock, kitchen timer and music system and the announcement setting is useful as I can let the other half know when I'm on my way home or if I'm delayed without having to touch my phone while I'm driving. Really liking it so far.


  Great at recognising all my families voices and 90% of what we say. The speaker quality isn't fantastic, but she does allow you to hookup to a BT speaker. We also bought some lights and she is great at controlling the lights. A nice addition to the family. Plays games too! I use it mainly to play music whilst I work. Great for choosing favourite artists


  Even though this is our third echo, it still seems a bit weird talking to a box, but I’m getting use to it. It’s very clever at identifying other ‘smart’ objects, and has been useful in controlling lights and tv. The sound quality is great for radio, Radio 5 Live for example, less good for music, but considering its about an inch high, the sound is remarkable. Time will tell if talking to a disc in the kitchen will ever feel normal to me! The weekly Alexa emails have proved quite useful.


  When it works, it works well. Anything and everything audio exclusive that comes with Alexa, you've got it. Also good as a medium for any other Alexa device. Love the alarm clock funtionality too. The only issue I have is that it is very buggy and can need resetting every three or four days when the devices become slow to respond and speech recognition can produce some interesting results. Also, don’t ask tech support to help. Their quick fixes are effective but last the same effective duration as resetting. Resetting every three or four days is easier.


  Just a little disappointed with interaction and Alexas understanding of our commands .I asked what was on at our local Opera house , Alexa was unable to find the location even though I gave the full name . I gave the command to stream BBC radio 1  Alexa has not heard of  Radio one so plays tracks from Amazon music .Ok at finding news and weather reports ,setting alarms and reminders. Its early days and still need to get used to the system, think its a lot of fun


  i brought this last december and i was really excited to use it. it was good for a few months until recently its been lighting up when i don't even say the wake word. when i need to turn my led lights on and i want my alexa to do it, it takes me 2-5 trys just for her to hear me without going on and off instantly. its started to get annoying when i listen to my music but i want to change the song. for example, i'm sitting and a good distance where she can still hear me but when i say the wake word, she struggles to hear me and lights up and then immediately goes off again. it even happens when i shout to say the wake word. i'm not sure if this is normal or not but its definitely annoying. overall its good for asking simple questions like "what's the weather" or "what time is it?"


  This is proving to be a useful addition to our home. Combined with Amazon Music, we now have music playing throughout the house on demand. We also are able to play almost any radio station we want. It would have been 5 stars except there is no integration between the alarm function and Routines. This means that you can't set up the alarm to come on playing your favourite radio station (at least we couldn't figure out how to do it and the various forums seem to agree it can't be done yet).


  It’s good.  In many ways identical to the previous generation.  I was expecting a sound quality making it ok for background music on account of the advertising but found it disappointing.  It’s ok, but doesn’t live up to the hype, meaning I have it plugged into the hifi all the time rather than now and then.I could have saved money and got the Echo Flex (I bought one the other day for another room.)


  I have 2 Echo Dots and an Echo show. I like the Show better - but the Dot is pretty good.The sound on the Dot could be better - it is rather 'muffled'.In general the voice recognition works OK - except when I use the word 'Lamp' - Alexa fails to recognise my English accent 50% of the time and has to check! However, If I attempt a Yank accent - it accepts it.I found it really easy to set them up.


  Didnt think i would ever want or need one.Now as a kitchen gadget and a bit of fun it is a must haveStill dont see the benefit for them in any other roomVoice recognition is amazing and it has come along way but Alexa is very dumb sometimes and you think why do i botherAlso when you turn the music up the voice recognition is poor, even very close upfor the size of the speaker the sound is amazing


  i found this hard to set up as the instructions half way along the process said it didnt work with I phones or Ipads only with android hardware. It took me ages of searching to find away of setting it up on my iphone - so maybe the initial information on Amazon should say this and the instruction booklet should give guidance about this too as many people have apple equipment.Now it is working fine - so pleased with the end result.


  I liked this so much I bought 3! I have poor memory so it’s fantastic in quickly adding things to my shopping list as I remember, plus it works with my shopping app where I can state which shop to add item to. It’s great for reminding me and for littering to radio stations. It also has a good sound. There’s so much more and I’m sure there’s lots I could do and haven’t yet. Highly recommended.


  As a pensioner I am still getting to know what my Echo Dot can do, I have got my lights on it, my calendar, shopping lists, reminders as well as asking for information. I have been pleased with the ease of set up, now it just remembering to ask Alexa to do things for me, for example I am still using my mobile to phone people when Alexa will do it for me, she also lets me know when Amazon delivery's are due, impressed.


  I got two f these during the Black Friday sale, I already have an Echo and a JVC Fire TV with built in Alexa. I have set up multi-room audio now in my living room, kitchen and sitting room which works well. Sometimes one of the Echo Dots shows as 'Offline' on the Alexa app for some reason. Not sure why but other than that I am happy enough. Sound is decent and what you would expect form a speaker of that size.


  The only things not to like about smart speakers is that there is a microphone connected to the internet sitting in the corner of your room.  However you can press the mute button on the 'Echo' to turn the mic off.  Of course the problem with the mic being off is that you cannot then operate it.  The clarity of playback is superb, providing you have good reliable broadband. Any internet connection issues and it may not connect or turn off in the middle of broadcasting.  It appears that it will link to only one Amazon account so if you and a significant partner both purchase music from Amazon it will only access one of the accounts. Anyway for the size, the speakers are exceptionally good.


  For the money Amazon are now asking for these devices it's hard to fault them but I think a few small improvements could make the dot brilliant.Compared to our gen 1 echos the sound quality on this new unit seems far too boomy, with little to no difference made using the sound tweeks via the Alexa app. We sometimes also have to raise our voice or repeat twice our commands.Apart from the above the echo has change our home lives massively with integration into hive we can control lights/heating etc. Which always works without fail.Build quality is excellent, hopefully Amazon keep releasing quality products in the future.


  I found that these new models are a lot better speakers and look nicer than the old style. They are quite a bit bigger than the old ones so not as sleek, also I was disappointed it was not a USB plug in and needs a different jack. This meant I could not use as intended with my USB ports, and I don't think this was made clear enough. Apart from that issue, the speaker is great and colour is nice, voice recognition works well so far.


  This was a present from a young son to his aged parents.  Trying to get the young lass to talk to us took ages as could'na get our old BT phone to 'interact' ? But we managed and now get the local weather forecast as well as some nice tunes. Though she is a tab young to find all our musical requests. How she finds the exact record and gets it on the turntable so quick is remarkable. Well done young Alexa


  Alexa play a podcast from BBC Sounds...”I’m sorry Michael I don’t know that one..” Knight Rider never had these problems. Great piece of kit for the money, radio and music through it surprisingly good and there’s a number of ways you can irritate members of your family with it. Does Alexa recognise every word you say? Lord no, but then maybe I’m drunk more than I care to admit. In any event, get one, it’s great, before long it will be the only way to survive once Amazon have taken over every corner of the globe, so start creeping up to them now or be thrown in a gulag in Weston supermare, or similar. Best of luck.


  The idea I sent great but there is not enough hardware out there for true support. If a device has a standby mode there cutting power will stop it resuming. Alexa can sometime not understand phrases unless spoken very slowly. Would I still recommend, well yes co style more it gets taken up the better it will get. It’s a shame tho that you have to subscribe to music services to get music other than radio


  We are new to smart technology so this is our first experiment to see how useful it is.  It's helpful when doing crosswords, writing letters for spelling, info on names of people on tv or films etc.  We don't have on-line music and don't want to pay for this so that's a bit disappointing that it won't play songs without this.  It would be nice if we could change the name, my husband struggles to remember the name Alexa!


  i like being able to play BBC  radio 2,3,4 and Classic fm.  also creating shopping list and Things to Do list and set alarmsDislike being unable to find out what other free services I can access on my Echo Dot as things that apply to full scale model do not apply to The Dot.Also find the sound more muffled than my first one.Asked Alexa to set alarm for 7.30 a.m. and she set it to 11.30 a.m. ( I do speak very clearly! )Not so responsive. Sometimes have to actually shout at her.


  I have a 2nd Gen Dot and like it, but it doesn't get used as much as the speakers are not great to listen to music on, so when I do listen to music I connect it to my stereo, which is not always convenient.With the 3rd Gen Dot, the speakers are much improved/better quality. Unless you're an audiophile or live in a mansion they will be suitable for most rooms.  Inter Dot calling using the drop in feature is useful for calling the kids, saves shouting through floorboards ( which im sure the neiboiurs appreachite).  Overall very happy with my purchase.


  I have given this 4 stars as I’ve only started using it, so time will tell if it lives up to all the hype.First impressions are it it is well made and looks good. It’s easy to set-up once you down load the app (not sure if you can go through the set-up process if you don’t get the app).I did run into a problem, it doesn’t seem to control my Firestick, Alexa keeps asking to connect my Firestick to internet - which it is (confirmed twice).All in it’s a good unobtrusive piece of kit


  This was a gift and not something I would have thought of buying.Mostly I we use it for music and itis brilliant for this very good sound quality. You do have to have a subscription to a music streaming service.I wish you could increase how it hears us because the response is very hit and miss.The top of my wish list would be the ability to correct is pronunciation !It has never got my name or area right .For the irritation factor and the insult to anyone who is not English I have removed a star


  This is a good speaker that needs to improve in certain areas,Sound quality- ok sound. Could definitely be better this is where Google's alternative could be better.Voice recognition - again ok but I do find my self having to raise my voice sometes for it to come to life.Alexa- excellent can't complain as is to be expected the Alexa implementation is excellent.For the price I can complain to much there are just a few small areas that stop it being great!


  like this for shopping list and playing my music. ok sound for the kitchen. used also for yoga background music and this only gives the option for amazon yoga playlist.. not what I would call yoga music, but does the job. I am probably not using this for the full usage as not that knowledgeable, but a good little addition in our kitchen and a bargain price for the needs I have


  Bought the version displaying the time, and fitted a 3rd party battery unit, so now so can locate my Echo 3 away from power sources, making the unit excellent. Great fun to listen to foreign radio with just a couple of commands. Bit tricky training myself to give required specific commands, as well as finding strong Wi-Fi in some rooms (it’s an old house) but overall very enjoyable.


  Like many many other voice activated menus,  gadgets & gizmos, Alexa sometimes struggles to 'hear' the West of Scotland accent. Asking for items to be played occasionally  gets a 'I don't know that one' reply despite the same tune that's being asked for is able to be seen clearly on the Amazon lists when you do it via a keyboard.Otherwise it's definitely a smart wee gadget & a welcome addition to the rhythm of the household.


  Good item but....took ages to connect into my network, about 9 attempts. Kept throwing up connection not made error. Also with previous device this replaced I could drop in and out with other devices, not now. Will drop,in ok but keeps saying doesn't understand when asking Alexa to drop out. Wish I had kept other device really as it worked a treat in comparison


  I bought Alexa to play music on mainly. The sound quality and selection of music is more than I hoped for. I was pleased to find how many other uses there were for Alexa. The only downside was difficulty in getting the WiFi connection and it has been lost several times since having to waste time setting it up all over again. I have no problem with other devices like my tablet. If it continues to happen she may be consigned to a cupboard!


  Sound quality -for the size, they are great, but if you're planning on using it in your living room to play music in a party or gathering, they won't be able to be loud enough.Best genres of music for the speakers -1) Acoustic songs: these song have less bass so at loud volumes the echo dot doesn't degrade in sound quality as much.2) Classical: same as Acoustic song these usually require less bass, so sounds really good3) Jazz4) Pop music5) RNB6) HIP-HOPBasically the more bass the song has, the more the echo dot will struggle at high volumes. So I recommend plugging it into an external speaker with better sound quality.Build quality -Great however, be careful of dusty areas as the mics located on the top of the speakers might get dusty making it harder to detect your voice.Alexa integration -I mostly use Alexa for simple questions like the weather or setting up reminders and alarms which works very well. And I also use it to change the lights around the house.


  Got a few of these throughout the house now. Mainly used for listening to the radio and the quizzes.Voice recognition is good, however suffers from the lack of information it can push back - not quite as powerful as Google assistant.Sound quality is good for the size of the speaker and tje volume has a good range.Haven't tried integrating it to anything yet, but might look at that in the future.


  Sound quality is fantastic. I had the predecessor where the sound was really not as good. The only issue I had was this that sometimes it would lose the Internet connection I phoned the helpline. That was not a positive experience remotely. I felt like I was being fobbed off. But overall like I say, sound is amazing, unfortunately she doesn’t understand everything you ask her but I think that is just the underpinning of the technology .


  First echo dot I’ve bought. Evidently the last of the 3rd generation echo dots. Pleased with my ability to access the radio and phone remotely as well as the internet and music. But it refuses to recognise my Cambridge and ultimate ears Bluetooth speakers. Probably something I’m not doing right but I’m following the set up instructions.


  It’s not a bad device. I use it to play music on Spotify and set timers. It’s great at picking up different playlists on Spotify but doesn’t save songs for you which I would love it to do. Settings timers is easy and you can ask Alexa how long is left. I’d say asking questions is the down part. If you ask a complex question she simply won’t know the answer. Maybe needs more integration with wiki or Google.


  This tiny smart speaker is amazing. Bought it for my wife for her birthday. She uses it in the kitchen to listen to music and  control the range of smart devices we have in the house.She can even do an intercom style function to my stepson who is usually playing Fortnite in his bedroom when it's time for dinner.


  We already had a generation 3 unit and were very pleased with it, so we bought a dot as an alarm clock really.  Works very well as does the other unit and surprising sound quality.  The only reason I marked it down from a five star is that we have Amazon music on the main unit at just under £4 per month, which is fine, but we have to pay another £4 odd to upgrade to be able to use it on the dot.  I think that's a bit over the top when we are already subscribing.


  Not much to say about it really. It was easy to set up and get working. Has moments when it has started saying things without anyone saying anything..tv maybe?  Wish it would only respond to my voice, sey up voice profile, but still seems anyone can get it working..maybe me not set up correctly..sound is pretty poorn but there again it can connects to my soundbar so no huge problem..overall not bad


  I bought this to enable me to play music and find different radio channels quickly. it really does the job and the sound quality is much better than I thought it would be. I've now bought an additional one from another retailer as they were on special offer. I haven't used many of the Amazon suggestions but it is really useful for keeping my shopping list and setting up timers in the kitchen.I've given it 4 stars because although it was easy to set up originally it took me ages to set up playing music on both of my I-dots simultaneously. Some of the applications are a bit tricky to set up if you're not technically minded. Also, you have to be very precise with your instructions but you do get the idea after a while.


  Had to wait for item, as ordered just before xmas as Amazon problems with Ech Dot 3rd Gen stock.Easy to set up. Sound is good but not as good as I had hoped for.Hopefully Amazon will add more colours to the range soon.A longer warranty from Amazon for this product would really be beneficial to customers.All round very happy with product.Just not 100% sure about the whole 'who is listening' thing which surrounds these types of products.Only time will tell.Thanks


  Easy to set up, the sound quality for the size of the unit is excellent. The only issue I have that it loses the connection to my sound bar and once connected I have to manually change track pause play using the sound bar remote. It also seems to forget it’s connected to the sound bar as it tells me that it doesn’t understand any command relating to It. Other than that I am pleased with my Echo Dot.


  In general Alexa is very good at assisting or supporting your queries, however, it is not capable of giving all the information you require e.g ‘What s the Albigensian Heresy?’. That said if you want a good selection of music or temperature somewhere else in the World  - it is excellent. Good value for money with a range of capabilities that I will no doubt be exploring at length over the coming weeks.


  It’s good up to a point, does mostly what is requested, but sometimes can get completely confused, then it’s best to count to 10 & start again. Like any new gadget I have to learn to use it, so it’s not always the gadgets faultIt was purchased as a safety feature, I live alone, if I fall over & unable too move I should be able to call for help, hopefully it will never be used for that but there certainly lots of other things it can do.Overall a good gadget


  Having had the Gen 2 I can say the 3rd gen is a lot better!At first I wasn't so keen on the fabric look but it's fine.Sound is a lot better than the gen 2 speaker.  Voice recognition also seems to be improved, but still not perfect.Bass is better but nothing compared to a dedicated £50 BT SpeakerPopped this one in the kitchen - seems good so far


  I can now switch from BBC Radio 2 to Virgin Radio in an instant with the help of Alexa. No more fumbling with buttons on DAB radio. Alexa does most of the stuff I got her for.Big disappointment is that I can't listen to free music via existing Spotify account. If you want "free" music you must subscribe, unless it comes via radio station.I was fortunate to buy Alexa at bargain price on Amazon, but because of limitations stated I would not be prepared to pay full RRP.


  I am quite enjoying my new Alexa.  Alexa is not sophisticated.  Ask her some specific question about a piece of classical music and she tends to get flummoxed.  Ask her something that is bog standard and she gets it.  The sound quality is tinny but adequate.  She is useful when it comes to shopping lists.  She has difficulties understanding a British accent.  "Marmalade" on my shopping list came out as "Mom and Dad".  However, having her is fun.  I don't overwork her.


  Worked as required, main use to remind me to take various medications on time. Useful quick weather reference. date /time. Loads of potential. Volume for hearing impaired, a little muffled and not high enough but with the addition of one of the many suitable external speakers available I can now hear Alexa even over a very loud Telly.All in all very pleased and in my case a great memory prop.


  It was hard to integrate the Echo Dot in my home, not Echo fault, but it seems that it doesn't link properly with Huawei.Voice recognition is good, but if you have a tv playing the voice recognition will be impacted and you need to shout to Alexa for Alexa capture your voice, over surrounding voices.I would love to see Alexa having more skills, somehow in line with google, since Alexa can't answer to basic questions. Nevertheless, it does the job well enough and as a few skills you can enable.


  Appalling software with respect to set-up. I have never experienced such a bad software package with respect to intuitive operation. It is so bad, it gives you a link to the Alexa software, that doesn’t show what it said it did. If you make a mistake, you have to go right back to the beginning and start all over again. For example getting your Wi Fi password wrong. Most other packages say try again or something similar. This doesn’t. Over three quarters of an hour with the chat helpline didn’t resolve the issues, in the end trial and error got me through.Good points: What it can do if you really get into the settings is amazing.


  I’m not really sure I need an echo dot in my life. Some people may find it useful to have Alexa tell them about the weather or play a song or even turn the heating up but my wife seems to spend a lot of time arguing with Alexa, not quite getting what she wanted and then telling Alexa to shut up. Some people say that Alexa is secretly recording everything you say....but if someone has got to listen to it all it’s going to be incredibly boring....unless they hear that I’m a space alien.


  I love this! I honestly thought the whole smart speaker thing was a gimmick initially, but then I tried my brother's and realised what a helpful and convenient addition it would be. I've been enjoying audiobooks, playing music and asking questions non stop since buying my first echo dot. I then purchased another dot for the kitchen and the standard echo for the lounge. The integration is brilliant. Even my technologically challenged mother is using it happily!


  First Alexa product and more or less does what it says on the tin. However my main reason for buying it was for listening to the radio, connecting it to my Marantz Hi-fi. Sound is ok for the job. The main gripe is Alexa’s inability to tell you what song is playing on the radio. It only tells you the radio station. This is a big minus for us and so an internet radio will be a better alternative.I believe the same is true for the Echo show which doesn’t display track info, just the logo of the radio station. If not of this is of interest to you, fill your boots. It very good at doing what it’s designed for.


  Glad I brought it on sale. It is good at giving you the news, but not necessarily for your local area. Cannot give general local traffic information, for example if you just want to know how the traffic is in your area, it can't give that. You have to give it a route so it can tell you. Sound quality to play your music is awful, Bluetooth speaker to connect to it, is recommended. Other than that it's handy to remind you of your schedule.


  This the first of the echo range I have purchased. The decision was made for the convenience of voice control and that the device will communicate with both Spotify and Deezer, not just with Amazon. The sound quality is perfectly adequate for use in bedroom or kitchen where it is mostly used for background music. One star knocked off because I do find that Alexa can be wayward when requesting playlists from the streaming services. I am not interested in using it for shopping, making phone calls etc.


  Alexa could be great but for voice recognition. Ask for uplifting popular music and it hits you with classical. This struggle brings frustration to some family members and they end up fed up and tired of it. With 4 echo dots in the house the ability to switch from room to room is clever.On the whole it tends to not be used as much as I envisaged but with more time to learn the little tricks I’m sure it will come good.


  Love the echo items we have 5 devices in our house to control lights alarm and heating. Really love it its like have a personal assistant to help with the every day. What's the time? Start a time and send an announcement. We also use them to drop into family and have a good old natter.Amazon have really dialed these devices in to be super useful. I would recommend to anyone who likes gadgets and wants to open a door to the future.Cons - would like different vices like they have in the US but other than that amazing.


  We were given this as a Christmas present and did not think we would like it but it is great. It is lovely to be able to put things on your shopping list and set it to remind you when to switch the Tv on etc. Admittedly some alarm requests if not spoken VERY clearly then you get very silly to-dos. I asked to be advised to water Hyacinths but I got 'Water Higher Scenes.. quite fun!


  This speaker has undergone improvements since the last one i bought about a year ago.its a lot heavier a bit larger and has been changed to a 12 volt power input.There makes a noticable difference in the sound which is a lot bassier and a has the possiblility to go quite a bit louder, enough to fill a room with decent sound.However these changes bring mixed feelings for music its good but not brilliant you can still tell its limited especialy at high  volume lacks a bit of deep base and sounds a bit (small speaker being stressed).when using late at  night the speaker has enough base even at low volume to possibly wind the neighbours up with its responses.also it may be my imagination but seems like it doesent quite hear the wake word aswell as the previouse generation from across the room even when laying dorment.On the whole lot better speaker than my generation 2 a decent alexa and a good all rounder definatly worth the thirty pound i paid,not as unabtrusive as the last model either due its bigger size. think i would feel a little dissapointed if i had paid the fifty pounds normal price tag.


  Other than the fact that it took me 3 tries to get an echo dot that actually functioned then I have nothing negative to say about it.Now I have one I want more for different rooms and want to get some plugs and switches to go with it. As a wheelchair user these will be so useful and will make me more independent.


  This thing needs a lot of improvement!!! It very often doesn’t hear me or what I have said and tells me to go to help and help is not what I wanted. It needs to integrate more easily. It’s fine for one or two objects but i have 9 sockets  5 blinds and central heating controls and a thinkQ tv bought specially for the echo dot, but it has started to mix them up. Most times having done so correctly a few days ago it now “ I can’t do that go the help” but that is no good as it say go to help as an excuse. The thing is it doesn’t seem to know what is wrong and help never dose either!!! Also it is starting to change scene settings by its self!!!  Not great at the moment. As all this gear is less than 4 weeks old I hope it’s not had it already as it wasn’t FREE!!!!!


  Small, heavier than I expected but absolutely awesome! The kids love asking Alexa to play musical statues! Easy to set up and sync with your smart devices using the app. Speaker is pretty decent for something so small although it's better if paired with a sonos or bose unit. If there are kids in the house make sure you turn off voice purchasing!


  I don’t use Alexa enough I need one in almost every room in the house especially living room, kitchen, bedroom so I’ll wait until the price drops and buy more of them. Accessories will wait for The same reason they seem very expensive ALDI for instance have a device which will control three locations for less than one device from amazon.However I do enjoy the one I’ve got and would recommend it, sound is good as well and very unobtrusive. So all in all happy with the dot.


  I brought this product to play iTunes through, and to use the Alexa functionality. Whilst Alexa works well, the device has to be added separately to link to wifi to enable blue tooth. Then, as it only recognises one bluetooth connection at a time, it is a fad to disconnect from one iPhone, and then connect up another. Alexa, unfortunately, does not seem to recognise the voice controls to do this.It is a shame that Alexa/the Amazon Dot, does not recognise iTunes as a music system which it could then play directly


  My son absolutely loves the amazon echos,I thought we would upgrade to this 1,I noticed the set up was a lot easier then the older 1s,the sound was clear and can be loud for the dot version, my only reason for not giving the full 5 stars, is when you do have the volume on full and the dot is in use, you do have to shout or stand close to get alexa to respond, other then that is wicked!!!


  My echo works ok most of the time BUT a few times a day It stops talking to my Bluetooth so I have to disconnect my Bluetooth device and unplug the echo dot, let it reboot and then reconnect my Bluetooth device through the app. This is definitely an issue with the echo dot as my parents bought one on the same day I did and theirs is barely functional as a Bluetooth speaker because of the difficulty getting it to connect to any device. I’ve told them I think it’s faulty but they don’t want the bother of returning it. It’s too much of a coincidence for us both to have such similar issues.


  I received 2 echo dots as a Christmas present. I have one in the lounge and one in the kitchen. Wasn't difficult to set up but a bit tricky linking up the calendar. Steadily learning what I can do with them. There are some things she doesn't know and it's annoying that you can't request a certain song or piece of music without paying £3.99 per month.  However, on the whole, doing well.


  We ordered after already having an Echo Plus for a few weeks which we all love. Having enjoyed switching on/off the Christmas tree lights without crawling around it to reach the socket, switching & dimming smart bulbs and having music play just by asking, we can't imagine life without one.Using the Dot in the bedroom so we can set alarms using voice control and love waking to music/ radio of choice. We can also switch & dim lights without getting out of a nice cosy bed. And I love my morning brief with weather, road, railway & Tube reports plus news headlines. We will be getting more for sure.


  This is a great little device but the microphone definitely needs work.During a game this happened;What colour are the taxis in New York? I answered "Yellow" Alexa thought I said "blue" . . . Really???Alexa also asked what rubber animal is used at bathtime. I answered "duck". Alexa thought I answered "frog"There were other answers that were "misheard" making this frustrating as I don't have a strong accent.Other than this frustrating problem I love this


  I tried to set it up many times but sometimes it does not recognise me. I connect the spotify but sometimes it got lost and i have to do it again. Overall, it is pretty cool having alexa but it could be better if it were easy to work with it. The sound is ok for a medium room but when the sound is too loud, Alexa do not hear you calling it to modify it.


  Questions require careful phrasing.  Ask her "Where is the Yellowstone National Park" and she will give you the address of the nearest National Car Park.  Rephrase as "In which American state is Yellowstone" and you will get a correct answer.  To be honest, I wouldn't rush out and buy one of these things; mine was a Christmas present and it has proved an amusing toy, sometimes actually useful but to be fair, I haven't been very adventurous with it yet.


  Great sound quality, great for listening to audible, although switching between books is proving very difficult.Difficulty getting Echo to create my personal voice recognitionGreat skills, ask anything and Alexa will have good answersWould recommend although yes can be frustrating at timesOverall love my new Echo, but some frustrating things along the wayEasy to set up


  Bought 3 echo dots for an excellent price from amazon, however took 3 days to get working probably because of the christmas demand on downloading an app. to mobile phone. You definately need an up to date mobile phone cannot be loaded just using your computer. Once working very good, great sound and all 3 work independantly even to call each other and speak direct to each other over the echo dot.


  I love it but it is not perfect.  I use the alarm which is very good but if I want to cancel it ahead of time I find it irritating that it goes on to ask if I want to cancel it every day etc, when I am,trying to keep my husband asleep it is very annoying. I like the shopping list and it plays the radio well.  I am not that techy so I am sure it does much more.


  I enjoy Alexa, I expect her to do more than she can.  I already used Siri a lot so it was fine to add Alexa to the clan.  I really like the lists she makes for me, as I am finally organised!  Music good too although I dont want to upgrade Spotify so thats a nuisance as she wont talk to Spotify without the upgrade.  I am already a member of Prime so she links to that.  Seems you get the best of her by paying for everything!  She constantly recommends things that have a monthly subscription.  Sigh.  But on the whole I use her daily.


  I bought echo dot to have on during the night. I don't sleep well so usually have radio on low. The echo dot would have been perfect but it has a circle light which is activated when you make a noise. I coughed and immediately the light came on and lit up the bedroom.  So I don't use it in there and have it in the lounge where it is ok but I already have a radio in there. So although it is very good it is not fit for what I wanted it for.


  I had my Echo Dot (3rd Gen) from my son for Christmas. At first, knowing that it was a music streaming device for which I would need to subscribe to Amazon Music or smother service for which I had no intension of paying for, I wondered, what am I going to use this for?Well as it happened, having set it up without any trouble at all, I started to discover a completely new word of possibilities.I now use it every time I’m in range of it to listen to all manner of radio stations and online content that was previously unavailable to me. I even use it to research all sorts of trivia and some of the functions such as the timer are also very useful.The upshot of it is, you don’t need to spend loads of money on streaming music subscriptions you don’t want in order to have lots of fun with your Echo Dot.


  I'd been toying with getting one of these for a while, then my kitchen radio broke, so I bought one. Initially the set up was a bit hit and miss, the app wouldn't connect to the wifi, but after some persistence it finally all worked - the Dot seems to take a while to find it's connection, so patience is needed. Once set up it works really well. The radio app finds all the stations I listen to, and as I'm a prime member you can request any music for the Dot to play, all great fun!


  Great product. Voice recognition is pretty great - 80% of what I say it will hear. However, though I thinks it hears the remaining 20%, it doesn’t understand what I’ve said so says it can’t hear, or responds with something different.I can’t get it to work with my fire stick at all, I have followed the instructions and set it up. It worked one time, maybe twice, but since then there has been nothing! Unless you have a new-ish tv/smart tv, the config won’t be great.Other than this, there are no reasons to not recommend this product. I still love it!


  I like the item, well made, works fine. I now have more than one but the downside is that I have a single subscription to Amazon Music and this apparently means that I cannot play music from one device to another. You need a family subscription to do this. I wanted to play music on one Echo Dot and stream that same music to a paired Echo Dot, but unless I am doing something wrong it cant be done. I could understand it if I wanted to play different songs / artists / music on more than 1 device but I didn't, I just wanted to stream the same song / music from 1 device to another. May have been better just buying a Bluetooth speaker to stream it to. Bit disappointed really, but hey ho, we learn that all is not as it is portrayed.


  A little fussy trying to connect to the WiFi, but got there eventually. Very next day there was a systems problem so the device didn’t work for most of the day. So not the most auspicious start to life with the dot, so will have to reserve judgement for at least a couple of weeks.


  This is much like the old dot, (although side by side the old dot always responds first). The sound is slightly better and it looks good too. My main disappointment is that they have changed the USB power plug for a jack plug and it is a fixed lead into the plug, so you cannot make use of the duel USB 13amp sockets  and you have to use one of the 13 amp sockets to power the dot, rather than using the usb supply.  But I think I would keep an eye out for some of the old dots being sold off cheaply.


  I have ECHO DOT for over a week now.  Still learning the device.  The artificial intelligence of the device is impressive.  The sound quality is excellent for a device of this size.  My only complain is that its voice recognition is not as good as I hoped.  Alexa does not always recognise my sentences first time (Chinese English? :-)).  Google assist on the other hand recognise my voice very well.  However, Alexa has a learning process, you can go to my device - history to tell Alexa whether it learned was correct.  I hope with time, Alexa will understand me better.


  Provides great amusement, as well as being useful. Her interpretation of some commands can be rather quaint, with shopping lists sometimes taking some thought. Still trying to work out what “wash” might be. “Haribo” beans is a particular favourite malapropism (haricot!). Getting smart bulbs to link was more of a problem, but that was down to the separate bulb app, not Alexa.


  Great sound quality for such a small speaker and good fun to use. Just wish it had a battery option to make it portable and that Amazon music would let me transfer and play my library from I-Tunes (unless anybody can give me advice on how this can be achieved). I have looked on YouTube but cannot follow it and it looks like you need subscriptions. Guess I will have to start again and download all my CD's (over 10,000 tracks) to Amazon Music.


  I absolutely love this Amazon alexa dot.. it's so good and does most things you ask it.. even has some banter haha... it does seem to span our some times so I have to reset it which I dont think is meant to happen but other than that I cant complain.. my son loves it aswell and keeps getting it to play the gummy bear song ( ahhh, please say theres a block for that haha)


  This is fact the third Smart speaker I have purchased,  they all work very well although the search ability outside of Amazon is very poor compared to Google devices,  and recently we have had random responses from the device,  even in a quiet room,  slightly disconcerting,  Big Brother is listening I fear or Amazon has a serious technical issue??


  AS Alexa is always listening, remember to delete your history, its a way for Amazon to gather details about how you live and who you are as it helps with marketing.  So just be mindful as to where you use the device and DELETE your history on a regular basis....very useful to ask things off the cuff when you cant be bothered to use a search engine on your phone


  Smaller than I expected, but the sound fills my flat really well, I often have it playing on less than 25% for background music.You must know what you are going to ask for, if you pause slightly during a command she thinks you have finished.I have connected her to my robot vacuum (proscenic) but it is not easy to get it working - though i think this is an issue with the vacuum plugin not the alexa.An area for improovement would be for it to have a battery and be able to be used as a bluetooth speaker when there is no internet.


  This is used in the kitchen fireplace the aged CD and radio player that was bulky.  We have a set of Alexa devices around the house and it's very useful.Small and compact for the kitchen and comes in the nice red colour which matches perfectly.Sound is great for a small device and when I'm cooking and have both my hands full,having only to say to Alexa "next" on the Amazon music or ask Alexa for time etc is wonderfull


  When I initially set up the echo dot, I downloaded the app to my phone and tried to log in with my amazon account.  Because I entered an old password, it created an entirely new and separate account and then of course wouldn't allow me to connect to my music or order things (prime account required).  When I started again from scratch and entered the correct info, everything works fine!  Four stars for the issues in setting up - it's complicated!  Other than that, I love it!


  We have enjoyed using the Alexa / echo dot since Christmas, we have consistently had good quality music with diverse playlists covering a broad range of music genres.Even tested Alexa with finding me some funky disco house, and she didn’t disappoint. Though I would add, the more diverse selections could have greater depth to their play lists.Kids have enjoyed playing some of the games like musical statues or musical bumps as well as repeated baby shark  or gangdam style.Overall a very good purchase, well used, just make sure you can pay the monthly music subscription before committing.


  I would love to give it five starts, but it’s the voice, it’s has so, so much base, I find it very hard to understand what it’s saying most of the time... drives me mad, can you change it???It’s clever, great fun, does exactly what it says and all that...Briefer the voice on my friends earlier model easier to understand...Thanks.


  Overall I like this product and the technology it represents. As it currently stands, full AI integration is between 5 and 15 years away depending on how many cycles of inbuilt obsolescense Bezos and his pals force us to go through; this has served as a good proof of concept and I am quite looking forward to the full versions appearing/trickling down and genuine smart homes become commonplace. The biggest complaint about the product itself is that Alexa does not have good voice recognition. Now, I'm from the (actual) North of England (North-Northumberland) and have a moderate accent I appreciate, but I can speak very clearly if required and have found myself frustrated beyond belief and half convinced that it sometimes misinterprets the words completely ("red" as "read", "aye" as "eye"). This is further compounded by the fact that voice recognition accuracy decreased after I made a voice profile, which doesn't make any sense at all to me.


  Great speaker with clear voice and high volume. Alexa skills are superb, however  the voice recognition is a disappointment. I own a google mini and you dont have to shout at it to give voice commands as opposed to Alexa. Google mini is a touch cheaper as well. Overall it is still a high quality speaker with seamless connectivity and the sound is absolutely amazing!


  i thought it would be the simplest technology to connect to my wifi, i tried using my phone and a kindle, but have still been unable to get the thing working, it is so frustrating. it advises somewhere that it doesnt use normal wifi, how on earth am i supposed to work out whether i am ever able to use it or not? i hope someone can enlighten me***update*** the very helpful Amazon staff explained how to ask BT to stop filtering my wifi signal and after that I was able to connect my echo dot successfully. It is a great wee machine now that it is working.


  This is our second echo dot. We love it, easy to use and great to use as alarms, timers, listen to stories and music. Our son loves listening to stories especially Lego ones!!! Good quality of sound to get a better sound we connect it to a Bluetooth speaker!! We use it to translate languages and sometimes ask silly questions.


  Excellent sound quality, much better than its small size would suggest And better than the Google hom mini. Unfortunately, Alexa isn’t that clever, often saying “I don’t know that one” in response to a question. The Google system is far better and seems to have better AI or information retrieval anyway. But I wanted this as playback unit and in that area, I’m happy.


  It was won on a raffle and a welcome addition in my kitchen.I can now listen to radio programs, asks about latest news and even weather forecast, all with a simple command. It can also pick out songs by the name of artists too.What I slightly dislike about Alexa is that it seems not to have extensive genre of music.Other than that, it fascinates me and makes kitchen chores livelier.


  Hmmm,  I miss understood what this device done , I thought it was like Google where it awnsered any questions you have , turned out she didn't know Much , but my mistake , great for all other things like music and asking the weather, simple things ,  and if you have a smart home it would work great lol , but aboultley gutted it doesn't awnser anything you ask , alexa is always saying I don't know .... but my mistake like i said lol


  Echo Dot (3rd) generation smart speaker with Alexa -Charcoal Fabric, is a compact device that will be useful in every home. Alexa will wake you up at your chosen time to sweet music , tell you a story and even make you laugh.However to do the many more useful things that Alexa is capable of  it needs some sophisticated accessories which can be both expensive and tricky to fit.i


  This is a second device, just for use in a bathroom, so I could already be said to be a convert to the Amazon family.All the positives have been extolled by numerous people before me.The only negative comments I have are all qualified. As a speaker, the bass lacks depth, but compared to any other, similar sized speaker, and this is as good as you'll get for the price.Voice recognition is generally good but occasionally, Alexa decides that I'd rather listen to funk than the punk that I asked for.I haven't yet taken the plunge with home integration so I can't comment on this aspect.


  It's a good buy especially when on offer. Sound quality is clear and crisp. LED light top rim looks nice which supports multi-color scheme each corresponding to an event. Alex being one of the best digital assistant on the market, does decent task of handling user queries however, its' sometime  a bit of ignorant especailly when its' unable to comprehend any user query, instead of letting user know that it couldn't understand the query, it does something random or stays completely silent.  Alexa capabilities are seriously limited by your subscription of various amazon offerings such as Amazon music.


  I already own an Amazon Echo (2nd gen) and thought this would be a good addition. It's a neat, small unit that works exactly the same as my Echo but unfortunately the sound quality wasn't up to the same quality. Voice recognition is excellent as with all Amazon devices I own. The Dot was sent it back and replaced with another Echo (3rd gen) unit.


  I really like this but i can only give it 3.5 to 4 stars due to my crushing disappointment that in the uk it is not capable of reading or notifying you of your emails no matter how many email reader skills you try!!!...it was never made clear to me and i have been hard pushed to find out where it tells you this feature is not for the UK yet but hope to get it to us in the near future.Anyway that's that out of the way but it is a good bit of kit for what i paid in the flash sales.


  Works well - once youv'e set it up.  But setup was a pain.  I already have an older Echo Dot and setup for that one was a doddle.  But this new one took about a dozen attempts before it would connect.  Really quite good sound for such a small device.  I would have preferred a mini-USB connection for the charger (like on the earlier model) rather than the round connection that this new one has, but that might be to do with the amount of power needed for the speaker.


  Love how small it is. Its easy to set up via the Alexa app, like how you can add different apps like Spotify. Sounds is not bad, can't really complain for something so little, it's loud enough. Only reason for not giving it 5 stars is when the sound is turned up high you really have to shout to get it to respond. Its like Alexa can't hear you lol, but other than that it's good.


  Took some work to get it to set up anything more than basic actions.  For music it initially it wants just to get you playing the Amazon music which requires a subscription not easy to get it to play from my vast digital music library which wasn't on amazon.Linked quickly with the Hive software for the heating which had been put onto the kindle when first obtained.


  I bought this to extend my Alexa family into another room upstairs. Set up is utterly simple, it sounds better than the 1st gen dot I’ve had for a while and it just works. Absolute bargain in the sale & I’m finding more & more uses for Alexa. The bigger speakers have better sound than the dots but I’m very happy with this for the location it is in. Recommend!


  Really like this product as it doubles as many things. Sometimes the processing to get on places can get slow and if you start a game you pretty much have to finish it or it will just say you got the answer wrong. It is different to the 2nd gen as it is curved on the top and I think it has a larger circumference. You can use this  as so many things. I like using it to play music and also plug my headphones into it, see what time it is, set alarms/reminders and to send messages and call my friend. I got it on sale as well so I was really happy about the price. It would be really nice is it could have wireless charging and be like a portable speaker so that you could take it around more easy/make it more accessible to use.


  Alexa responds very quickly to requests, & since I have linked it to my BBC free account, it gives her more scope. Yesterday, I asked her for a recipe, she quickly found it, & told me there was a top3, & which did I want?. I replied Alexa, tell me the no 1 recipe, but she was unable to understand that. Maybe it's the way I say it, I need to practise more.


  This is my second Echo dot gen 3 and it worked straight out of the box. It took five minutes to connect it up to my system via the app I had already downloaded for the first dot. It was almost the case of just switching it on and off we go. I did have to delve into the app to allow both of the speakers to play music at the same time. You just put them both into a group of your choosing and then ask Alexa to play such and such on the ..... group. Good


  Once I had found out how to connect to wifi (Amazon dont make it easy) Alexa was up and running within minutes. The quality of the sound and performance of both devices was really remarkable and I am looking forward to testing  them in the time to come. However, the same day I took delivery, Amazon advertised the same item at £20 less! If I had waited my saving would have been £40. It is almost impossible to contact Amazon with a complaint so i shall have to accept it but be wary when purchasing Amazon's own products. Overall I am pleased with the product but disappointed with Amazon as a seller of their own goods.


  I like the quick response of the product, its voice recognition is out of this world. It doesn't matter whose voice it is, from a child to an adult, it responds instantly.The downside for me is the lack of wireless activation, which is redundant somehow. You can't use it without having to plug it in a socket.


  Like a lot of people we bought the Dot in the Black Friday event for £25. We haven’t used it to it’s full capacity yet but impressed so far with it, hence 4*.  Happy to re-review at a later date.We haven’t had any issues with Alexa understanding us and I love the reminder feature and the drop in feature. The microphones works well as does the speakers.Currently it’s not doing much as I’ve said, but we have also bought anotjer Dot an echo plus and the hive hub with light bulbs. So let’s see how it fairs altogether once we have set it all up and with hive!


  My daughter bought me a Echo Dot Alexa for my birthday, to be honest at first I wasn't too keen as I'm not into gagets.  Four weeks on and Alexa is a calming influence while I sit and crochet, after a few days of getting used to how to use it we now get along fine.  One day Alexa wasn't doing anything  when asking for music, I went near to her to put a log in the woodburner when she suddenly blurted out - "Uranus is a planet in the solar system"!!!  It caused quiet a funny moment. My husband is still arguing with her at the moment!!


  Got this thrown in with a package with Philips hue lights. Was originally planning to sell it as I have sonos speakers with Alexa but with the new update I can use google assistant on sonos and use Alexa with this. So get the best of Both worlds! Voice recognition is very good and the only time it can’t hear me is if my speakers are on very loud. Sound is not as bad as I expected. Maybe lacking the bass but understandable considering it’s such a small package and it’s main feature isn’t the speakers.


  These are great, very useful for home office work, music and maths. Special features require lots of time to setup and will be shuffled around your house for fun. Intercom feature is great but requires alot of trust among friends and family members. Especially if you have one in the bedroom. Lol.


  I never planned on this purchase but it came as a bundle along with a ring video doorbell we purchased which has now led to us buying other echo's and smart plugs etc. I was really impressed with the sound on this for such a small compact speaker the sound is great. This replaced our old digital alarm clock which sat at the side of the bed and I am really missing a clock face so I will be upgrading to the one with the digital clock on it and this can go in my sons room. I like the drop in feature and being able to "announce" great with kids.


  I bought 3 of these and placed around my home. The sound is pretty good, not had then at top volume as way too loud for me but by linking them together and using them as a group they give a good coverage. Alexa can sometimes miss understand me and the commands are quite specific but getting more out of her each day. Would defiantly recommend them as use them daily to listen to audio books and the radio but would highlight that you need a good internet connection for them to work effectively.


  Had one or two ‘misunderstandings ‘ with Alexa that now seem to have been resolved.Overall quite pleased with device activities though I have to say ad interruptions are something of a pain between music choices. My musical preferences are very varied,perhaps even challenging,but all in all,things appear to be working out ok.


  Definitely worth the money. Great sound quality for the price point, and it’s super handy to have it in such a compact size. Only point I would make is that when having the speaker turned up for music, the Alexa voice is super loud when you activate it, but apart from that it’s fab and anyone debating whether it’s worth the money... it is!Alexa herself can do loads of things, and I particularly like setting multiple timers at once when I’m cooking, and the alarm sound is perfect as it’s not shrill and deafening but wakes you up gentlyDefinitely recommend


  The design was nice. The reason which I have return it was because you are not able make mobiles or landlines calls. The only way to ring someone is by asking everyone to download Alexa app. The voice recognition it's not bad but not great. I have bought Google mini home which can make calls normally without any app and voice recognition is better. Also because its sync with your gmail tou getting all the features that Google offers( Google pay,Google photos etc) . I believe Alexa need sometime.


  Added to my existing Echo so we now have 4 around the house in 1 large group and individual settings, ideal for parties. Easy to set up and pair, however I have to say the sound is quite different from the echo, it seems to be really high treble so sounds a bit tinny, however, still a great addition to the system around the house and can operate as part of the group or stand alone.


  less than 1/2 price in the Prime sale so I bought two and a firestick. No more radio's in the house, no buying CD's or DVD's either. Echo Dot is quite a solid little unit with decent sound quality for the size, although too bass heavy out the box. Spotify and Tunein running perfectly and quite useful to get news and weather easily. My partner got the hang of it quickly & has moved one to the Kitchen so need to buy another now.


  love my alexa, i’ve had it for afew years now and it’s been great. it still works at 10/10. the box and packaging is very unique and classy. the set up wasn’t too hard and the voice recognition it great. it updates every time you plug it in if there is an update available so you don’t need to worry about that. the only bad thing is that it has to stay plugged in to work. definitely worth the price though


  The base is improved for music listening but but not so clear for spoken voice eg Radio News etc. I eventually realised that my device was faulty as the speaker resonated disturbingly for certain female voices. (Try Dawning of the Day by Mary Fahl). When wired to another speaker this was not then apparent. Amazon agreed to provide a replacement but it was a long tortuous process to get through their call system and involved fault finding with a representative.


  Looks great on my desk. Amazingly good at general knowledge and great fun. Music is also good, but sound quality is limited and I found Bluetooth pairing with my own speaker challenging, but finally successful. To continue to enjoy music, be warned, you have to pay a sub to Amazon Music. I haven't explored the domestic functions like operating light switches etc yet - not sure how my wife would react!! Any regrets? No - it was £25 and I reckon that's great value.


  At £50 is pretty good value - it's even cheaper now - an absolute bargain at today's price.Alex probably doesn't need any introduction now....she does what she does  and very well.  The speaker itself...well its very good....very clear, decent bass - it is a nice sound when you consider the size of it - its probably not quite as good as say the Sony SRS -X11 cube for sound...a bit brighter maybe but not as deep  but for convenience it wins.  As I have just done - you can connect the Dot to an amp via a RCA/3.5 cable and get the best of both worlds (need to leave amp switched on)


  A handy device for audible, controlling lights and kitchen timer plus odd bit of music, radio etcTypically understands commands well.Just don’t ask anything beyond relatively basic questionsThe only area that is really annoying is proprietary power supply, why? Last one was micro usb.Final note is nice packaging.


  Already having the Google mini at home, I decided to get the Amazon dot to compare the two. I have had both for a couple of months now and I have to say I prefer Alexa.  The dot seems to get to know you better, has much better sound, both for giving answers and if playing music. Neither are perfect with correct information but as I said Alexa has given better over time. I don't think you could really go wrong with either at the end of the day and it is so helpful just to ask and get (mostly) correct info rather than having to type your query on your phone or tablet.


  Bought this to integrate into our smart home, which consists of Philips Hue Bulbs throughout, Netatmo Heating and Radiator Thermostats, Apple TV and a Philips Hue Sync Box. Currently everything runs through HomeKit & Siri on our Apple devices problem free.We wanted to add some smart speakers and didn’t want to spend nearly £300 on a HomePod and through we'd give Alexa a try for better voice commands and customisation.The Echo Dot is  a great little speaker for music and music voice commands are lightening fast, also asking about Amazon products and deliveries are also a great little feature which is why I'll be keeping this little guy around. I have since ordered 2 more


  Great device for easy listening music and to listen to the news on which is what it was bought for during the issolation period due to corona virus. Have had 2nd gen echo before this one has better sound quality and is more attrative. Got in purple. Only issue is the lack of some skills that I would like to have available.


  Great product and finish. great integration with devices and great  routinesVery limited answers . keeping the basic aside, difficult to interact and get right/useful informationI have been using both Google home and Alexa. regardign conversation and getting right information if google is say 7/10 Alexa is about 4.3/10. still alot to catch


  In begining was good. After a ehile its a bit feels like alexa is deaf.she could hear wverything and completing tasks fast and clear but after usibg a week have to repeat 10x till she will understand.Kids enjoyed putting songs. I enjoyed putting everything ib my shopping lists


  For the sale price of £35 or £22 it’s a great thing, I wouldn’t pay full price for it . Like all echoes it knows pretty much zip but for listening to music or voice activated lights, sockets etc it works well .. I say well if “she” decides to listen to you. Sometimes it’s like living with deaf old aunt. Alexa , Alexa ALEXA ALXA .Forget it I’ll do it myself.


  Have issues with voice recognition more times then I would like and getting simple things like getting the BBC music to play has been impossible for me. Even spoke with some tech team I've met and they couldn't help. I don't usually swear but I apologise Amazon if indeed you listen in as I've been pretty vocal sometimes! Sorry Alexa.Besides that it's been great. I've looked in an updated version which I should get by the end of May!!


  Like...1. it is loud enough to hear, with a lot of Bass (also a dislike for me personally)2. good quality,3. smart looking with colourful light4. can control different made of smart plug5. Applets and skiils quite fun6. good sound for hearing "news" and "voice ",Dislike...1. cannot ask Alexa to make mobile calls , unless the the other side has also an Alexa product2. can only understand SIMPLE commands3. not good enough to play MUSIC4. as mentioned above, i personally find it too much Bass5. power supply is not USB port (as in 2nd Gen)


  Very handy, I use it it my little ones room for daytime dance parties and sleepy piano music to sleep. Sound is good, looks good. I use Spotify and when it works it’s great but every two days it just doesn’t want to play it and I try everything, asking Alexa to play..., going on the Alexa app and just through Spotify! I’ve now found the only thing I can do to make it work again is to unplug and re plug the dot in. Now I know this it’s not a biggie to do just a little annoying, also I keep asking to play hot hits and it’s starts playing cheesy pop hits! Like difference between a Avril Lavigne Complicated and 2020’s Head and Heart Joel Corry is big.


  I asked for this for Christmas. It’s a great wee item and the sound is good, but I was disappointed that it doesn’t tie up with my echo. I can’t have them both playing so that I can walk from room to room and hear the same things. I’m also disappointed that hubby bought me the charcoal which I don’t like as much as the heather colour my echo is but that’s nothing to do with how good it is. Maybe I should have read a bit more about it before asking.


  Neat little device. Got it on sale and mainly use it for white noise. App bit fiddly to use. The thing that really irks me is when I ask Alexa to loop song, once the song ends it will always say cannot find the song but plays it anyways. I have connected amazon music with it but they don't seem to communicate with each other properly. I always have to open app and put music on loop for LOs bed time which defeats the purpose of a voice assistant. It's the attention to detail which the product lacks.


  This is a great gadget. I also gave the smart plug and can ask Alexa to switch on lights etc. Haven’t had any issues with voice recognition- even though I was told previously that the Scottish accent gets mad answers to questions asked - not as far as I’ve seen!!  My only gripe would be that the iTunes playlist on my phone can’t be accessed.


  It’s ok. I didn’t find it very useful. Pairing with TV not worked out and looks not that easy. Kids making fun about the system. Only plays music from amazon. These are just my opinion. Good point I found is I can make announcements at home remotely thru my Alex app in my phone. While at work I say good morning to kids and remind them things they Alexa app and it announces thru the speaker at home


  Yeah, it's quite good for making shopping lists, and the wife likes to use it to control various smartplugs; I just use my phone generally. Sound quality is only as good as you would expect given it can't really do much with the bass as it is so small. Got it for free with the Blink XT2 cameras I bought so nothing to complain about really.


  Sound quality is good, voice recognition is great and look of the device is very smart. There are just one annoying things for me.We use it in baby's room for lullabies during the night, we've set it to loop mode but it stops playing after a while. Had to setup routine for each hour to get around this.


  I love my Alexa but I have a stutter and sometimes she doesn't recognise what I'm saying but she recognises my partners voice and he has a heavy filipino accent. I would like her to do more like the ability to set security alerts if lights are turned on ect or being able to skip to certain chapters while she's playing an audio book, which so far she hasn't been able to do. Otherwise my kids love her and she's great to have around the house. One feature which is incredibly useful is that my young children can now easily ring the police if there is an emergency. I recommend all parents get one if only for this.


  Alexa isn't perfect but it seems to improve all the time. I wouldn't be without them now as I move closer to the geek heaven of a complete smart home. Contrary to the opinion of the older generation it doesn't make me lazy. I am far more concerned with doing a puzzle on the floor with my daughter than getting up to turn a lamp on!The new design is MUCH nicer than the old one. If they had browns and other colours they would be better still.


  This order arrived before the expected date. The device is neat and the colour is good.  I also ordered the table stand and that works very well.Overall I was disappointed that I cannot connect to my new Smart TV and the process to connect to other devices has proved difficult.  Not really using it properly.  I will have to find some time to spend on sorting it out.


  A much better sound, than the original Echo Dot... Worth the money, at £29.99... I suppose, it's worth the higher price too....So.A= Great sound, for such a small speaker!B= Needs, more Mic pickups.. has a hardtime, hearing over music etc...


  I am still intrigued by this technology but gradually integrating it into my life. I particularly like the ability to download music/albums from Amazon music and then play them through Echo or Echo Dot. I don't think you can use the downloads in the car from what I read on the Amazon Music site and I couldn't download the app. Don't know why but it seemed that the AppStore prevented me doing so.


  I picked the Echo Dot up via the Amazon music offer, so only paid £16 in total. It works great alongside my main Echo and was easy to set up. Sound is good for the size and cost. Dont expect it to be incredible because it isn't but it has proven to be a great addition to the bedroom.I wouldn't pay full price (£50) but it's on offer most of the time and at those prices, a great buy


  Great and bought on offer so fantastic for price it can play digital radio stations or if your an Amazon music member it can play your playlist. It also answers all the silly questions u may ask the answers can be customised. Sound quality it is good but during some songs it sounds a bit hissy. If i was to pay full price I wouldn't have bought it, the larger one is obviously better for music fans.


  This is my second Echo and I love it. I find it so useful in the kitchen when cooking for multiple timers and recipes. It's great to play background music whilst pottering around the house. I have one in the kitchen and one in the living room, it's been a great companion for our parrot and controls his lights and music.Lovely little tool, and soon I shall one on each floor of the house.


  The sound of this little Alexa is very good and quit surprising. It's the first smart speaker I have owned and I use it mainly for listening to radio and for that it's excellent.I was disappointed with it's smartness however because there is a big lot of stuff that Alexa doesn't know, even down to local bus times she falls flat.


  Love this little device works really smoothly (apart from Xmas day) it was dropping in and out of working driving me mad having to reconnect it to Wi-fi etc.... I put it down to a lot of people turning there new eco on.It’s a really good device just for the radio and I was in two mind to get amazon music or not, but my wife is doing her extra credit masters and is a mature student so it’s a lot cheaper although I can only use it one device at a time which is really annoyingBut I’m not taking trying to take away from the ease of use and how good this little speaker is if I’d have know I think I’d have gone for one eco dot and one of the larger ones. I love it and my 2year old is even trying to use it (not quite there) but nearly


  Sound quality is vastly improved on the original.. the style fits well with the home environment.  I'm not so sure it is as responsive as my original dot.  It keeps miss understanding requests or not hearing more softer spoken requests where my original dot was more alert. I still love the look and sound quality so very happy to keep trying with it in the hope that it improves.  My other qripe is in struggling to match or pair with an older echo dot. I just can't seem to get it to work.


  I am really getting involved with this Echo Dot contraption - asking questions, getting answers, planning my journey, checking the weather, setting alarms, making lists....... it's endless and very satisfying ....BUT........WHAY DOES THE SUBSERVIENT VOICE HAVE TO BE FEMALE? I have asked "her" if she can have a male voice...but it seems not. Interesting! Love the gadget though.


  I would love to have a robot, life like, probably not happening in my life time. Too costly if it does, so this is the next best thing. I love it. saves me looking things up on phone or tablet, Saves my neck a lot of anxed. It will wake me up with a piece of music I have chosen and so on. have only had it 10 hours so will see how hardy it is


  Was not easy to set up as I don't have a modern mobile phone - using a lap top to set up was difficult and not particularly clear, instructions appear varied depending which website is used.When set up the options are many and speaker quality for playing music is good.'Alexa'  smarten your act up for setting up!


  having the second device makes them handy for intercom , broadcasts and entertainment. still finding out what else is useful.Its a pity amazon doesn't give a proper gloosary of commands, including which incur charges and which are free to make exploring more carefree.


  I had an echo dot for Christmas along with a Fire Stick and whilst alone they are brilliant products its infuriating that you cant do some pretty basic stuff with them together. For example I can ask the echo to turn the TV on no problem but ask it to turn the TV off... no go. If I ask the firestick directly it does both. Amazon has known about this since early 2019 so I'm not expecting a fix which is a little disappointing.That being said they're really handy for playing music through the house, using as an intercom or just checking for the times of shops etc before you head out. I'm going to try and experiment with some plugs to see what else I can get out of her.Overall I'd buy again but having seen a friends Google setup I think they've got the edge right now in getting it all to work together seamlessly.


  Love my Alexa and have signed up for Amazon Music Unlimited so I can hear all my old favourites.Only problem I find is that as I am hard of hearing the sound quality is not as sharp as I would have liked, but for the price - great value for money.I even managed to set it up on my own!


  My only real issue is that you have to buy a rechargeable battery base to make it portable. The rechargeable battery base is quite expensive and I'm slightly disappointed about this. Otherwise the sound quality is pretty good considering its size, voice activation is good with the extra built in microphones, the Alexa app is ok but when playing from my Amazon music collection can be a bit hit and miss.  All in all I would recommend this product and no doubt updates will be available in due course.


  Alexa can be argumentative, sarcastic and annoying. I think I'm going mad because I can't win an argument with her, she ignores my requests when she wants, has selective hearing, and if I ask her to set me a alarm she  asks what it's for.  However, Siri was much slimier.


  I received this as a gift and have not yet discovered all it can do. The sound when playing music is great, no need for extra speakers. Answers most of my questions so far. Haven’t yet looked into how it can turn on your telly or dim light etc. All it’s uses have to be good enough to warrant  amazon prime monthly subscription, and how many up to date films and tv series are available. Here’s hoping !!!


  For what it is, this is really nice well presented, smart little device, that definitely meets our need. It’s what you may say, is good enough. Especially as it in the perfect price range for family’s to be able to afford. The only thing I would say is that the Alex is not able to hold a flowing conversation, I’m continuously say Alexa to get a response. She does really recall the previous discussion so make it inconvenient when trying to find the answer to something. Still very nice to use and our preference as a home assistant. Looking forward to the future of Alexa.


  I am a real echo fan and have loads of smart devices which i use the echos to control.My only complaint with the dot is the sound quality. It is not terrible but i just feel it could be better based on other very small speakers i have heard. It is perfectly fine for a kids bedroom but if you like music i would definitely advise getting the bigger one the sound quality is a massive leap better!


  These speakers are brilliant!! I have a few echo devices set up around my house, Alexa controls my lights, heating (through hive) and a few smart plugs.Alexa listens and responds well but sometimes you do have to repeat yourself, especially if there is some background noise.The only down side is the sound quality, the quality is good but it isn’t as good as some of the other devices I have.


  I have often wondered why? What can't be done with a phone or tablet that really needs voice interaction. Well now I know having used the Echo Dot for a month (have two in the place now for coverage). A lot of my lighting and tech is connected to my phone/controllers and being able to control these without moving is ridiculously lazy but great fun. More useful than that is the ability to set timers whilst cooking or doing other tasks without having stop and set it or keep checking a clock, great.More integration and skills can only make it better.Not perfect yet but def a practical tool now. I look forward to discovering more real uses.


  Haven't worked out how to have 2 shopping lists that ar presented on 2 different phones.Dot version 1 - English accentDot version 3 - American accentI'd like to change the interaction to be personal to the specific device (we call ours Rupert and Pinkie) rather than the ethereal Alexa, but this isn't possible.


  We already have a Sonos smart speaker with Alexa voice control and decided to also add an Echo Dot for another room. Adding an additional device was ridiculously simple and was set up in minutes. The Alexa VC seems much better than on the Sonos and can always hear me and understand my questions.Very pleased and will be looking to add another one to another room as a result of this one working so well.Sound quality is not as good, but I didn't expect much from such a small device and is adequate for my needs.


  This is to help someone with vision difficulties and has trouble using the internet. To that end it is invaluable for answering questions and providing information. It also makes listening to the radio easier using just vocal instruction. Still in the process of discovering all its capabilities but have found things like the timer, alarm and reminder lists useful.


  Having bought Alexa Echo dot 3rd generation on a bit of a whim. I am pleased and surprised by it's abilities, good sound quality and volume range for such small device! A clever device proving to be very useful for fun and informative whist writing documents. Slight difficulties on set up (my fault ) but superb back up support from Amazon. Highly recommend this product.


  I bought my Dot (in fact I bought two) after setting up one for a friend & being blown away by how good the sound is. Grand opera or rock, the dot plays it all with aplomb & only struggles when turned up VERY loud. You can get a bigger sound by connecting the Dot to your soundbar or HiFi but this complicates things. As a simple self-contained source of music on demand the Dot is brilliant.


  This is a great purchase , plays music or gets you the information you need very quickly.  Does not take up much room and is easy installed.  The only negative thing is sometimes it does not understand what you are saying  , you do  need to give clear instructions.


  Makes me feel lazy but does help a bit. Plenty of options to keep you and the family busy, if set up properly can play your music and films from different sources. Able to control most WiFi and Bluetooth devices. Only problem I have is that it is very happy to go offline for no reason but a quick 30sec unplug will fix that.


  Excellent value for money, easy to use and recognises voices and commands first time.  Connect easily with a number of smart devices around the house. Only negative is the quality of the speaker, tried various adjustments in the app but sound is a poor quality, howver for the money you are not going to get Albert Hall type quality.


  Love the echo dot and find it amazing value for what it can do.  The only reason I have not give 5 stars is because despite repeated emails to amazon I have still not been able to obtain the 90 day free trial of amazon music unlimited that was promised and prompted me to buy the echo.  Shouldn’t be advertised if they are not going to provide.


  Excellent bit of kit.  Ideal for the bedroom or kitchen,  choice recognition right out of the box, learns quickly, don't expect dancing horses over the sound quality but for its size you can't complain. Found my hue lights right away, had a little trouble with plugs though everything Is now connected. Didn't think I'd like these.. they've completely won me over.


  A bit of fun I use Alexa to access music and listening to  news mainly. Easy to set up. Sound quality is what you'd expect from a small gadget. But it can be linked to other speakers.


  I like Alexa because it is a very useful tool that requires no login except an internet and Bluetooth connection. I had hoped it would work with Bluetooth alone, but it seems this is not possible. I find I have to be precise with my requests to Alexa, so I might ask for say Romeo and Juliet by Prokofiev but Alexa will select Amazon Music’s version. Other than that Alexa is excellent.


  Bought as a Black Friday purchase. Setting up was easy and quite straight forward which was reassuring for a techno phobics. It has been great fun, although it has had slight technical problems and stopped working 3 times which is a nuisance. After the first time asked for help from amazon which was easy and helpful. Best reset I know is pull out the power cable and plug back in and leave and it seems to reset itself. Slightly annoying that it weekly needs this, so this is the reason for 4 stars. This is an ideal thing for someone on their own as it is company and the great array of music you can listen to is brilliant. Alexa does have problems with accent though which can be frustrating but hilarious when she ask for clarification. Well worth the money.


  Setting up took several attempts over several days. It nearly became a garden ornament via the sitting room window.  I set it up by my mobile phone but it's not easy. (A lot of bad language helped). I can only get it to do some basic requests. Why an instruction book is not supplied I don't know. I would not recommend to anyone not technical. I am 73.


  Friends bought us this for Christmas. OK it will cost us more in music  subscriptions than they paid for it. But great to remember an old song and get it played immediately. Plus quicker to ask for music to accompany a chore than loading a CD etc. When we want to sit and listen to quality music we use our system.For timers, quick questions etc it is extremely useful. Can't wait for our 3 year old grandson to visit. Stories, books, etc etcjokes etc


  This speaker would be perfect for me if it had youtube on it, and if i wouldn’t have to say “alexa” with each question, when its related to the same thing that you asked a second ago. Really loved it though! Sound is AMAZING! But had to make decision on our family needs, so kids and husband had more interest in YouTube then anything else :( sadly


  Takes getting used to!I find it amusing, but it does need understanding to program it,  I could not of  started without help from my son whogave it me for ChrìstmasAlexa says you need Amazon unlimited music for example,which you have to pay for, I cannot afford these extras , so it does restrict use  !


  The third gen is a definite improvement over the previous models in both aesthetic and sound quality.It does seem to be slightly less responsive to voice than my 2nd Gen but not enough to alter any functionality.Plenty of volume for speech radio, audiobooks etc in a normal (reasonably quiet) environment. Obviously pairing with a BT speaker or Sonos etc is really needed for music listening.


  Two of the biggest let downs for me are 1, you can’t rename it to whatever you want. 2 the voice recognition is poor it does what ever my 3 year old granddaughter tells it I’m a 67 year old man no way does her voice sound like mine.It can be fun and useful if you buy the extra plugs but really something to play with.


  I bought the Echo Dot after receiving the Echo as a gift for Christmas and falling in love with it. I wanted one for the bedroom as well as having one in the kitchen/lounge. Alexa is great (even if she sometimes doesn't understand what I have asked) and I keep discovering new things she can do.The one thing I will say about the Echo Dot (and why I only gave it 4 stars) is that, I have it on my bedside table so it is quite close to my head when in bed and I am able to hear a slight buzzing noise from it (almost like an interference noise). However, it is extremely faint and can only be heard when everything else is silent.


  I am still learning what this piece of technology can do. I am finding quite a few of the skills quite amusing. I did have problems connecting it to my smart phone as it is only suppose to connect with android 6:0 & above . My Android phone is 5:1. I done some research & finally got it to connect to a slightly older version of the nessasary download. I would like to add that I am a 55 yr old disabled woman.


  Love the dots I have a couple of 2nd gen and now a couple of 3rd gen, the only reason for 4 stars over 5 is the 2 minnor niggles firstly we bought the very light grey for out bedroom which is supplied with a black cable ruining the look, the second why not include a simple screw slider hole in the base for quick and simple mounting. Aside from that a an excellent product and a good improvement on an already great product.


  Would be 5 Stars but can only play music with premium accounts not sign up free ones like you can sign up with Spotify. Which I though you could. My mistake for not reading up on the specs properly. But the ambient sleep aid the thunder storm is a good one that has helped with my sleep slightly.


  Love everything alexa but this little dot has a mind of its own if i say alexa volume down she turns herself up full belt wtf do i need a replacement or is alexa ignoring me!!! other than that whats not to like teally really useful and seamless integration with my pc therefore no need for large soundbar or speakers winner winner chicken dinner!!!


  I really like the Echo Dot 3rd Gen Voice recognition is excellent as is the sound quality..like some others it does have an irritating habit of suddenly crackling and ceasing to function if it is used for an extended period. At the moment if I remove the power and let it cool down it has started again working normally. I shall review again if it dies completely.y  I like it a lot but have only used it for music and news etc. No integration with other devices as yet.


  Got this on a special deal to go with my Echo. Sound isnt great but otherwise works just like the Echo as you would expect. Now if only Amazon would allow other speakers with integrated Alex (such as my Sonos beam) to be added to a music group we could have synced music throughout the  house. Come on Amazon - you know it makes sense.


  Recieved this as a Christmas present and it has been very useful so far. Have been able to connect my phone easily to play music and the sound quality is excellent. There are times when you have to repeat yourself to get Alexa to hear you, but we have found that this only happens if the television is on in the background. Haven't been able to connect my Spotify account yet due to sync issues but overall very pleased.


  This was a freebie with another purchase. Good quality sound but hopeless with some of our Scottish pronunciations. Works with Hive central Heating OK but not happy about letting it have access to other online accounts and settings to do this. Big Brother etc.


  Was never going to get one of these.....big brother and all that...but I do really like it.  We haven't used half the things you can do with her but I'm sure we'll learn.  The voice is clear it connects upstairs and downstairs,  would like it to be transportable rather than needing to kep it plugged in but that's the only thing wrong with it.


  I purchased two dots, one for the kitchen and one for my sons room. The set up was straightforward and being able to drop in and talk to each other’s rooms saves a lot of shouting up the stairs! I managed to connect to my Apple Music so Alexa recognises this and it is fabulous at playing audible.The sound quality is fine but if you want to properly listen to music then a better quality speaker is needed.All in all very happy with purchase!


  Found the Echo Dot very useful,but needs a better understanding of questions,as gets quite a few things wrong which is very amusing.The speaker itself is not good enough to play music,but when paired to a Bluetooth speaker works very well.I cannot search for an album,but only an artist.Overall a useful tool,but i'm sure the technology will be improved.


  I didn't like it that they don't work if not plugged into a mains supply. I initially was going to send them back, but am glad I didn't. An extension cable works well and two can be used independently in different rooms or as a stereo pair. I haven't stopped using them for the last week. I didn't think I'd talk that much and it does respond to 'Alexa shut up!' which was quite funny!


  It's very good but I'm still learning on how to use it connecting it with  my mobile.  It has great bass sound but it could have better voice recognition, dependind on the angle you are or even if it's in close distante she doesn't respond to the Alexa command but great on the possibilities. Going to buy smart light bulbs next.


  Excellent speaker for size.After a couple of weeks Alexa suddenly refused to reply to my question. Tried various suggestions to no avail. However all seemed to work the following morning and has been OK since.I still have not been able to link up with Bluetooth to my Bose SoundTouch. Will keep trying.Otherwise very good value.


  First impressed with set up linked easily with Hive and will help my partner which is great. What I am not so happy with is the sound quality when listening to music and we need to keep the sound low to not get the "rattle" on certain notes. Think I should have gone for a more expensive echo to get reasonable sound quality


  Intended to use through Hi_Fi but found it good enough to use it's own speaker for background music.. The Alexa voice could do with an alternative sound as it is too soft compared to the music volume. The unit itself is well built and fairly heavy, would have liked a standard USB connection for flash card though Bluetooth is useful. Connection to Wi-Fi was slightly difficult for some reason but perseverance. gets you there.


  Really like the Alexa, I question if it recognises my voice all the time, but very clear when responding to requests projects the music clearly.My only complaint is it has to be plugged in at all times it is not possible to use the device without being plugged as it is not a device that can be charged.


  Love this - only thing that annoys me is that it doesn’t understand my Scottish accent, so unable to get it to play my local radio station.


  Many of the things such as talents to ask for the news and other alike is very good; the product is very versatile. However, if you ask certain things- predominately those surrounding music- it's all just a massive advertising campaign since you cannot do anything: it just tells you to buy this that and the other to do something. You have an account for any of them (Spotify, Deezer, Apple Music etc) you cannot use those unless you pay money for a premium; the same applies for the default Amazon Music: sure, it does work but it never plays what you asked for exactly (it does on occasion: I've had by chance the song play but I listen to niche genres; I digress) it plays those for similar artists which is...not at all what i would expect. Good product, meh services.


  Whilst we are happy with this product, there are issues where asking for music is concerned, particularly classical music. If you ask for a complete piece of music such as a symphony, or piano concerto, it will only play a short extract.even when you ask for a particular track, it will play the same piece. It also has trouble understanding some commands.


  This is our send echo-dot device.  both located in different rooms,  the newer one seems to have a version of Alexi that is far more polite than the older one.  kind of strange and almost sounds like the new one is trying harder to justify her presence.


  Bought to work with Bose speakers. Managed to connect after some time using the App, but then it wouldn't connect when asking to play through Bose. Better half threatened to put in the bin and was a little frustrated to say the least. So any advise how to keep it linked to Bose speaker or any external devices would be helpful.


  My daughter loves to ask Alexa the same questions more than once,  which gives me a break lol unfortunately Alexa doesn't always understand her yet she speaks clearly and is nearly 6.We are still learning how to use it to its full capabilities but so far so good for the price we got it for.  We do wish we'd got to whilst the offer was on, one for upstairs and one for downstairs.


  This 3rd generation echo dot is much improved over the original version. The quality and depth of music is noticeably better. There's more bass and the speech is still great. The original "dot" was great for speech but lacked musical depth. It sounded a bit tinny. However, this version is almost as good as a normal Echo. Having bought it in the Prime sale for less than half price it was an absolute bargain.


  I was very sceptical about the product which I got free as part of a deal. I was surprised at the sound quality it is easy to use and seems to find the stations I ask for without any trouble. Stops at a simple command. I find it better than a conventional radio. As to playing other music it seems to want me to subscribe to Amazon music. As I have a large music collection I don't want to do that at £10 per month.


  I’ve recently gotten this little device and I’m already loving it more than Ronald McDonald on Colombian snow. Integration with Spotify is great (except when my workout playlist stops because kid at home wants to listen to train sounds for umpteenth time). Voice commands work very well, as the aforementioned five year old is easily able to ask Alexa for animal sounds and to play the dreaded baby shark song. Alarms are appropriately annoying, and skill base is growing. Unlike children, everyone should have one!


  The dot its self is great. Sound quality is superb for such a small speaker and certainly surpassed my expectations.  My one gripe is that it doesn't really tell you anywhere easy to find that there are additional costs if you have multiple devices and want to be able to stream. I think I would have probably gone a different route for these speakers..


  Very good piece of kit. Used for music, smart controls and question answering. The voice recognition isn’t overly reliable all the time and can take a few attempts to activate Alexa. The sound quality is usually good but with either high base or high volume songs it can distort. Over all good considering the size and price though


  I already had an older Alexa smart speaker in the kitchen which works very well so I placed the Echo Dot speaker in my bedroom. The reason for placing it in the bedroom was because I am a poor sleeper and just whispering to Alexa to play music to make me sleep or asking what the time is, works extremely well for me. I love these smart speakers. The two speakers do not conflict with each other.


  So easy to use, great for listening to all music and radio stations, excellent sound quality out of such a small product. Only problem I have found is that I can't get it to act like a radio alarm and turn on Radio 4 as a wake up alarm.At the promotional price it was excellent value.


  my son had one for these for his birthday, he wouldn't let me use so treated myself.  the only thing we didn't think about is having mutli ones - which you can't rally do off the same account.  so we are having to take it in turns until we figure out how to do this....


  Sometimes a tad muffled when she is speaking. Good when playing music tho. Sometimes totally miss understands the request!Actually thought this was wireless when I bought it so I could use in garden but it's wired. Never mind. Ti's what it is.


  These are quick and easy to install.The constant niggle with Alexa and voice recognition is that it only works effectively around 60% of the time when in close range , no other audio to interfere. Possibly something Amazon can bump up the development chart for these products.


  This little speaker packs a punch especially for the price. Quick to set up although instructions need to be updated and clearer as we had to find advice on the web. We need Alexa to be able to connect to free music streaming services not just those we pay a subscription to or be able to connect to owners music library’s. Easy to move speaker to another room and reconnect.


  I had 4 Google mini's before "updating" to 4 Echo's, I did not experience the speech recognition as poorly with the mini's as I do with echo's. I got the Echo's because they interact with Amazon Audible books and with having Amazon prime for Music, I took the view that the Echo's would be better. It may be that I need more time to get along with Alexa, or maybe she needs more time with me!?


  Perfect, The unit is used for my Visually impared dad he is now able to listen to LBC from the tuner app request his favourite songs and get the time.  Sounds quality is top notch and its small an compactAs with all Alexa Addons there is a bit of fiddling to get them working but once this is done Flawless


  As I live in Spain and my British bank accounts are registered to my Spanish address, I can’t access Amazon music. This makes the Alexa experience rather less pleasing! Currently on a months free trial with Spotify which is ok, but not as good as Amazon music. It’s a shame they can’t sort this out!


  Alexa is fun.  It’s not as smooth as I had hoped but still it works for simple things such as: lists; music; turning on lights, wake up routines etc.  I am sure there more I haven’t tried that are useful too.Set up is simple enough on its own but gets more difficult and clumsy setting up to Sonos (without Alexa) and other items such as smart bulbs.  Nothing too challenging but not as simple as pairing, etc could be.


  The 3rd generation Echo Dot is considerably louder and it picks the voice commands better than its predecessor. It also looks great compared to the previous version. The only thing on the negative side is the power cord, which now uses a specific connection and power adaptor, meaning it cannot simply use another device's USB cable like before.


  My friend has an old version echo dot my little girl really likes it, so I decided to buy one when it's on discount price. This product is on No-rush reward scheme, so I used my accumulate voucher bought it at a good price. The sound quality is very good, we used it for music and radio frequently. But there is an additional charge if you want more service.  We still need to explore more function. In general, good to have one!!


  Had this for my partner who has poor sight. Enjoys listening to the radio so he can change channels by voice which is great for him. Can also ring me if he needs anything which is good from my point of view. Volume and sound are also good. He can ask the time and weather etc which gives him some independence. Switch off when not needed and easy to just plug back in when we do.


  Very clever system and impressed with time saving features even if it can be a bit frustrating at voice recognition some times. Biggest flaw is a human one that I just can't remember lots of the skill commands so tend to use the basic features.I've got two echos with an English accent and one with an American, I know trivial but can't find any way to change. I found the speaker on one temperamental and had turn turn on and off a few times for it two sort it's self out. Also doesn't seem to be compatible with the latest Philips hue I bought but not sure if it's a Philips or amazon issue.


  This was bought for us as a gift. Our son saw that we were struggling to turn on the electric in our living room behind the TV, we now use Alexa to turn on the power with the help of some ‘smart plugs’.We  have had loads of fun finding out all the other things Alexa can do which are too many to list here, but suffice it to say we are sure we will be using Alexa for many years to come.


  Voice commands are good Alexa does her best with my strong accent, Good balance of sound for a small speaker no distortion, however I would only recommend the dot for smaller room I use it on my office and sound is much better than in my living room, purchased the amazon echo for living room and that unit is much better suited for a larger room.


  The sound quality is much better than I imagined. Connecting to my home WiFi was a breeze. The second unit was even easier. I like being able to play music just by saying it. I have signed up to Amazon music and there seems to be a good choice. One disadvantage is you can't stream from Amazon music to both devices at the same time (I believe this costs more per month for this service). I am still learning what I can ask it but I am enjoying the experience so far.


  It was really hard to set up. And its not just me being an idiot, because I was trying to set up my dads and my boyfriends as well and they're all really hard to set up. Took them ages as well after I gave up. Took me like 3 hours to set up mine. But other than that it's great, except for that sometimes it doesnt know answers to  pretty basic questions.


  Better than expected, as I never knew all the features before I purchased. Love the text reminders from Alexa, the music is good quality, style of echo dot is clean, modern and sleek. Alexa is smart enough for my children to ask homework questions, text me shopping list, and generally is like a friend in the home. When you say good morning she tells you a new fact every day. The device can also predict the weather. Excellent smart and compact design. I love it.One slight negative is it’s not wireless, you have to keep it plugged in to be able to use it! This is a little annoying, if this was tweaked on future generations, it would be fantastic.


  For such a small unit the sound and volume is very impressive. It didn't take long to set up. The app is easy to navigate and update. Only had this for a few days but very impressed. I primarily bought this for music. I didn't realise how much music I was missing out on till I got this.


  I love the Alexa echo dot 3rd gen speaker, however the sound quality has now completely gone. The speaker has clearly blown and the sound has become distorted and fuzzy on any volume level but especially over vol 5 setting.Frustrating, as the dot has almost exclusively been used to listen to podcasts so there is no reason for the speaker to have blown.The echo dot was purchased in March 2019 so this should still be within it's warranty and yet i don't seem to be able to report the problem through my orders list.


  The sound on the Echo dot was good for such a small item, volume was plenty loud and the app let you adjust bass and treble to suit your needs. Alexa responded well and answered questions and queries satisfactory, the dot would play amazon music all day long but appeared to struggle with radio stations only working for about 10 minutes before stopping dead and not returning and Alexa claiming that she didn't understand.  Wi-fi on all other devices worked fine at the same time as The Dot was having problems which made me slightly less enamored with the product.  All in all a reasonable experience.


  I love everything about this so far !It’s easy to set up , good sound quality , good size and great entertainment and good company if you’re on your own !! Only downside is the music choice is a bit limited unless you subscribe to one of the music apps.Great buy.


  The echo dot G3 definitely has some improvements the chunky donut look with its rounded off edges and material centre gives it a modern stylish look. I like the plum as it was nice to move away from the grey. Going forwards the material ring should be more customisable as this would help customers tie in the dot to individual rooms. The real party piece is the speaker so much better sound than the gen 1. The only down side is the mic. It does receive commands but not as good as the gen 1. Don’t need to repeat commands often but it is noticeable when you still use the gen 1. But overall the gen 3 is the better echo.


  Sounds fantastic for size/price..... Had to wait 2 months for delivery though.Wouldn't mind so much but high street stores all had plenty of stock.... And seeing as it's an amazon product it puzzled me.Seems to be a happening a lot lately too.... Can't help feel it has something to do with pushing the "free" next day delivery you get with prime membership...


  Good device but when you want to join it with another Alexa in a different room mine seems to struggle!Has worked once join to another but keeps saying doesn’t understand, been trying to resolve the problem for days with no luck so far!


  The sound quality on the echo dot 3rd generation is exceptional,  However, it is a bit of an adventure getting alexa to understand what you are saying at times.  Try saying the name of the singer Yvonne Eliman and it comes back with some interesting responses, just cannot cope with her name.  If it's playing music you want get this item, it is a vast improvement on the previous echo dot.


  Alexa echo dot came supplied with Hive installation. I'll be honest I didn't really want one but I went ahead and set it up. Which was so easy. I never realised how many uses it would have.She's now new best friend. Answers my questions, having fun with quizzes and games. And she'll put the heating up or down.Only a few times there have been voice recognition errors. I'm Scottish and she does very well to understand.Doesn't take up too much room with its sleek design.


  Overall I am really impressed with this, and I will buy more at some point. Voice recognition is very good and so useful for controlling lights, playing  audio books etc.The only thing it lost a star for is the bluetooth. I do not know why but they (I have two and both do the same) will not play audio on videos on the tablet. I can't rule out it being something with the tablet, but it works fine with headphones and the echo connects ok and works for other sounds, just not prime video. It probably should loose more points as this was actually why I bought them, all the other things were to be a bonus, but I really do like the other things!


  I like the speaker power when loud and the sound fills the room well. The sound is rich and warm. Alexa understands speech very well and has rarely activated accidentally: only twice since xmas. Good volume range. Nice solid design with a high quality finish. Pleased with it. I like the morning routine!


  I really like the dot, have started using it for reminders, shopping lists, weather and information and to play music and audio books. I also like the design. It is however sometimes tempremental and does not always reply or find information when you are continually asking it to. Hopefully, a minor blip that will iron out over time.


  Mostly device works as expected. However, on several occasions the dot played a real person whistling a tune for no reason. On others, it plays a man grumbling and complaining which sounds like a phone conversation between two people. Weird!


  This echo has excellent sound quality, plenty of songs and artists on Amazon music. Really great device.Really my only problem is I often have to repeat myself for Alexa to understand me. I'm from northern Ireland and I don't have an accent, it can be irritating having to repeat myself quite regularly.


  So far so good. Significantly better sound quality than the original. I can actually listen to music on this (the first dot I had was diabolical - far too tinny, worse than an old transistor radio). Impressed with music collection and general features. It still comes on randomly in the night so I tend to switch it off overnight if I’m not using it.


  I'm loving it apart from the fact that amazon insist on recording you constantly with no option to opt out. Onlt setting options are to delete manually, or set for 3 or 6 months delete. My voice recognition and AI is working fine and I keep hitting the off mic button - but really Amazon - give us the option to opt out of you constantly recording our voices. That's why 4 not 5 stars. Otherwise tis marvellous!


  Yeah good over allSometimes doesn’t understand when u say Alexa turn on the light it won’t register it for a good 5-10 seconds or sometimes the speaker goes red and says sorry I can’t understand anything try again later bearing in mind I’ve not got any accent or anything  bit odd but overall ok


  I have 2 different devices with Alexa and this one is by far the best, I have an unusually accent and it understands me clearly ( my other one only understand when I get fed up and tell it to piss off). Really happy with. Only down side is it doesn't have a built in battery but I understand I can get a little stand of it.


  At first I had some problems (Alexa was trying to take over and do what she wanted) amazon emailed me with some tips and I now have everything working. Have been able to set up groups so if I’m doing housework I can have my music playing on multiple speakers so i can hear it while I’m going through the house. Happy with it


  Easy to set up. Excellent sound quality for its size. Useful for setting reminders amd to do lists. Some fun skills to try. Sometimes the voice recognition gets abit confused...she doesn't seem to like playing radio 2! All in all very good, but don't think I'd pay full price for one. (Bought when on special offer.)


  I haven't got that many things to link up to Alexa (yet) but I'm pleased with the speaker quality. Range of music. News. Weather. Only thing I found annoying was trying to set the thing up in the first place.. Spent hours getting nowhere, then my daughter came in, and it was set up in 10 minutes. A good idea would be to have a better guide in the box to explain what to do. Not on the Internet. Some of us prefer reading from paper...


  This product stays now in our kitchen and used primarily for listening to music, either from my amazon music account or connecting to the radio, and for setting timers when I'm cooking.There are many features I've not even tried yet.The range that it can pick up my voice is very impressive and you don't need to shout at it to get it to respond. So far it has responded with what I wanted most of the time, there's a little bit of confusion with requests sometimes but this is to be expected with these kind of devices but there's been less instances than with rival models.


  The latest Generation 3 is a slightly bigger and much better sounding model than the Gen 2.  I was disappointed that some of my favourite music on the old model was "not found" when using the new model. I still play it through my bluetooth speaker though I sometimes don't realise when the bluetooth drops out and the Alexa is playing through its own speaker. It's a nice looking item as well.


  Pretty good. I use it pretty much only with amazon music unlimited and it works well.I turned alexa's brief mode on but that didn't work at all, it still repeats back to me whatever song I ask it to play before it actually plays it.


  I had no idea when I opened my Christmas presents that I wanted one of these - of course I didn't but after the polite thank yous wondering how I would respond to Alexa, her quirkiness yet steadfastness, I now quite enjoy this resource - the voice recognition sometimes has it's problems even though it will pick up almost all over the house - but the range of data streamed on offer, is interesting, useful, fun. The links to Amazon Prime Music Photos etc are an additional useful resource - would I buy one knowing what I know now? probably not, but my son has opened me up to a world I didn't know exist - enjoy


  Though this came with 3months of music not the case had to sign up got a month free then £3.99 not to happy re this so anybody make sure you read the small print big company does not care about odd people being miss lead workers perfectly with my hive and play odd radio stations that I like so in not to bad


  Great fun, even if a bit spooky!  The voice recognition works brilliantly and the sound quality is fine for a bedroom device.  The newest version even has an led clock,  which I felt was an obvious omission.  I’m planning to purchase an echo for the living space trusting that the sound will be bigger and better.  All in all a good buy.


  For the price point and the sound quality, Alexa integration and overall general use it is definitely worth it. I use mine regularly, can take a bit of time to setup but once you have it setup it is almost like having another person in the house you can ask any questions to.


  Does everything it says very well. Still getting used to the various things it can do so early days yet. Only real issue is sound quality, it's OK on music but speech is poor. It can link by bluetooth to external speakers and for purists, this is a good idea but I am sticking with it at the moment.


  Not too sure I would have brought this for myself. I had it for a present. Nothing wrong with it and it works fine. Sound quality is good for such a small unit. I just don't use it much. The only downside I can see is it has to plugged into the mains all the time which I suppose I should have expected as it's in standby all the time. I just assumed it would have a rechargeable battery.


  So far, I like having the Echo dot device in my home. Mostly I am using it like a portable radio, but I need to enable a few more skills, so as to get the best from it. I think the sound quality could be improved a little, but otherwise I think it is a neat little item and look forward to using more fully in the future.


  The only thing I dislike about the echo dot is the constant light, I have to tell her to go into do not disturb all the time - even tho i have her set to dnd between 11 & 7 anyway. Plus she wont change her name to echo from alexa but apart from that @£8.99 its definitely worth it - i dont use her enough to have paid full price.


  This is a very good piece of kit particularly considering the price. The sound quality is very good in enclosed spaces, though not as good as the dearer Echo outside. One small issue (though this may be down to my lack of experience so far) is that it doesn't recognise a couple of apps that I have loaded, an example being my "cosy" heating app


  As a first time user of a smart speaker, I was impressed how it heard instructions. The sound quality is ok, but it seems to struggle on low volume which produces a crackling sound. The build quality is excellent and set up straight forward. Im still learning on this device, but all in all it seems ok


  Fun and addicting house assistant.  Sometimes doesn’t understand my Irish accent.  Very handy for listening to music but must have spotify premium, iTunes and or Amazon unlimited to listen to music.  3 month free amazon trial upon purchase but already have spotify premium so very good.  Speaker is amazing for such a small speaker and alexa can hear you talk normally from far away no need to shout.Would recommend


  Like other people I found this device very difficult to set up. It took several goes using various help web sites. It may be easier if you can put it on a mobile device to get it connected to Wifi but I needed to use the computer and the instructions from Amazon were not helpful at all. Once set up it works well. The sound quality is good so it would make a good music machine. Unfortunately music after the first 4 months seems to cost money as a subscription is needed for Amazon music and Spotify. It gets the local radio station clearly, which is much more than can be said for my radio since everything went digital - no signal in an old cob cottage. Not bad for the price.


  Absolutely mad that you cannot set up the echo dot from a kindle fire - the fire is all I ever use and i no longer have a computer or laptop. After numerous attempts to set up failed i had to call customer services and we eventually got it set up with my mobile phone !! Now I love my dot and alexa - but please Amazon don't make things difficult for people who are loyal to your products.


  An amazing little device which also has pretty good and acceptable sound quality; I gave it 3 stars fore this but considering the size, amazing. Being small is an assett but Alexa performance is as good as the large Echo we have. Very useful to us is the smart Home ability of the Alexa Skills with the convenience of voice control.


  I am a little bit disappointed as I wanted to use it as a speaker for my laptop too but it does not work well. I have been able to connect with Bluetooth few devices before but the echo dot just does not work well with my laptop. Futerthermore, I cannot add Tidal to the music provider list thus 4 stars instead of 5


  I have only given 4 stars so far because it’s only just started to be used. We are really impressed so far so may come back and increase after Christmas. It’s small, fits in with our colour scheme and the sound quality is quite impressive. You can ask almost any question and it gives you an answer!


  What a revelation this is. Some fantastic features to explore. A top quality piece of kit that does almost all of what it says on the tin. The only downside is that it constantly tries to sell you Amazon Music and when on my Spotify premium account it struggles to find music that is actually there.  I'm sure it's teething though and will get better. For the money....EXCELLENT


  Sound great for a small device.Sometimes need to repeat instruction.Most impressive was the set-up.I do have other dots, so I'm sure that helped but within seconds of plugging it in.... it was ready, without any intervention from me. Plus two can be used as a stereo pair. Great.


  Voice recognition is excellent.  I love being able to play genres of music just by asking and the sound quality is good, despite the small size of the speaker.  Shopping lists are good too, as these are echoed to my mobile, so I can tick things off as I buy them.  I bought a smart socket so I can command a light to switch on or off - which is fun.


  I found it easy to set up using my home wifi. Speech recognition/sound quality is really good. However, when taking it away on holiday I found it impossible to connect to a wifi base-station that required a password to be entered everytime I connected. Online help - wasn't - for this situation. I'm still pleased I bought this - but I'm left wishing...


  Bought one for my daughter, she loves it. I'm looking into getting one for myself but discovered (not mentioned in the description) although you can set multiple devices to your own account you can't share "prime content" ie prime music etc, sadly disappointing, I'll probably end up with a Google device instead.


  Generally we are very pleased with this item , but where we struggled was setting it up. This was purely because it did not stipulate which app you should download , and there are a few . I downloaded one , which tried to charge me an annual fee. Anyway our son in law came to the rescue and found the right app . It now works very well . Occasionally it surprises us by not knowing basic things , but on the whole we are very pleased . A slightly more detailed set up leaflet would have been helpful though.


  I bought this to go in my kitchen.  I already have an Echo Dot in my bedroom and it's great.  What stands out the most with the 3rd Gen is that the music quality is much much superior to the 1st Gen.  However, it is nowhere near as responsive to 'Alexa' as my other Dot and my Echo that I have in my lounge.  In fact, I have to repeat Alexa multiple times for it to wake.  I have to say it so loud that the Echo in the lounge occasionally responds and that's with the kitchen door shut!


  I found the amazon dot 3rd gen to be small compact and we'll made with it's new fabric outer coating and looks great, the sound quality is amazing for something so small ,the only criticism I've got is no matter where I locate it i find i sometimes have to raise my voice quite loud to wake it and I also have to repeat myself several times to get it to perform the correct command, apart from that it's fine..hope this helps


  Great product and quality build, but the bass distortion on music tracks is noticeable at even two thirds volume. Unfortunately, I mainly use it for music, so it was a let down after the Echo plus. Size versus sound will always be a trade off, but that's stopped it getting 5 stars for me!


  Wonderful speaker and really easy to use.  Great fun asking silly questions and getting answers.  I have two now and would like another but found they had almost doubled in price.  I will have to wait until they are back on offer.  Would have given it 5 stars if the price remained low.


  Note for purchasers!!! Turn off all Sky IQ boxes and mini boxes and just pair to the router. I thought my first dot was faulty until I spoke to sky as the Dot thought it was pairing to a public network and wouldn’t connect! Amazon tech help were baffled but sky sorted it.


  For such a small device it has great sound quality.Extrememly simple to set up and use.Beware buyers that want to use it on a shared or public wifi such as Uni students living in halls or soldiers using the wifi in the single living accommodations wifi, it Will NOT Work. It has to have it's own wifi not a public accessed wifi.Other than that it's a great bit of kit for the money.


  To be honest I like Alexa . You just need to subscribe to their Prime Music Unlimited otherwise you won’t fully enjoy it as the songs included without subscribing to Prime Music Unlimited are very “limited” like the new songs could not be played because they’re not part of the free Prime Music. Alexa is interactive so you can ask whatever - shopping list, weather, any Qs!


  Alexa gets confused very easily and can't always answer what you ask. However, it isn't human is it:) Overall, it's a nice little gadget to have especially for shopping lists. Not had a chance to try everything. Music sounds good and the range it can hear you is also good. Ive also got the auto echo so they can sync together.


  Dislikes...hmmm... she doesn't make a cup of coffee in the morning Likes....just about everything, plays music, keeps a track of our shopping list, plays music, nursery rhymes, tells us the weather, recipes, jokes and loads of other stuff.Helps to be Amazon Prime member.


  The echo dot is a decent device for the money, and I'm glad to have bought it.The amazon provided functionality is very good.The library of 3rd party skills is a bit rubbish. There are some good ideas, but for the most part they feel like weekend projects someone probably already abandoned. This is the curse of many smaller app markets.If you are a programmer, it is fairly easy to make your own features.


  Had a ridiculously difficult job setting it up! The Alexa app really didn't like it. Took 2 factory resets and endless attempts to get it working. Called in an expert who had set lots up and even he had real problems. After all the hassle, once it works it is quite useful and amusing!


  Its a fun item but sometimes it recognizes sometimes it doesn't. When alexa works it is great, downside is it is frustrating when it just doesn't understand. Software works but the setup of devices to do multiple things is slow and a pain. Manufacturer integration is lackluster in some cases and intuitive in others. Kids love though.


  pretty impressed with the speaker, much better than my old one. so much so l removed my external speakers as they arent needed with my 3rd Gen.just dont expect much help from support though, nothing but issues with getting the drop in features to work on my household account.. the only reply l keep getting is "you have to share payment details".


  Arrived much earlier than stated which was great, just in time for Christmas! Very good sound quality and syncs with Alexa app so can amend any details on there if needs be. Understands our individual voices but doesn’t always understand what we’re saying which can be extremely annoying when we’re trying to get her to play the baby’s sleep songs playlist! Otherwise great product!


  This is a great product. I have several bulbs and sockets linked up for voice control. The only downside its sometimes it dont seem to listen. Ite really easy to setup


  Good for the price. Told my partner about the deal and he bought one and he got his mum to get one too. Great for reminding you things. Be warned that you can't listen to Spotify if not paying for Premium. There is Amazon music but does tend to repeat unless you lock in your own tunes. Instructions need to be clear too.


  As I don't have an I Phone nor any other fancy mobile phone, setting up Alexa is trickier than I though via Laptop/PC, but with patience and trial and error, most things work now. I guess only time will tell if Alexa will be of permanent assistance for my husband who is visually impaired.


  I believe that echo dot can't do as many thing as Google home mini which is compatible with more devices. The responses sound more robotic rather that having a response from someone. I was not able to connect my fire tablet yet, and even that I am not sure how that will help.


  This links nicely to my echo in the living room all lights in kitchen and living room are alexa controlled but sometimes because of background noise the echo could not hear the requests when we were in the kitchen hence the purchase of the dot works great.  Love alexa controlled lights no bending into awkward places to switch light off and on our kitchen tv is also controlled by alexa the living room is connected to the sky box so while it switches the tv on and off it does not control the sky box


  Received as a totally unexpected gift so had no preconceived expectations or intended use.  Still learning how to use the functions and that's fun in itself.  I expect to work out over the next few months how best to use the functions in a practical way rather than just '"gee wizary"


  Quite uncomplicated and easy to use.  Helpful.  Sound quality is excellent for a very small device, but not good enough for listening to music on a prolonged basis - instead I listen to Amazon music via the phone onto my HiFi system via Bluetooth


  Was gutted to see the price drop in the sale! I like the product a lot, but buyer beware. if you already have an Alexa the monthly cost will go up if you want it set up the Dot in the same way.  So to avoid that I just use it as a radio, alarm etc.


  Excellent delivery, albeit bought from Curry's.  Easy to understand set up instructions.  Easy to use and ask questions or gain information.  A bit unsure about to obtain music so have started a free trial and will see how that goes.  Read some reviews about the sound being inferior, however, we think it is excellent.


  Although my echo dot is very useful for a number of topics it is very annoying when I turn on my tablet as it states "now connected to..."  and then runs through my tablet which has the volume turned off.  I tell Alexa to disconnect which it does but I have not yet found a way of fixing this. Also the voice is very "wooly" which I do not seem to be able to sharpen.


  The only reason I haven't given 5 stars is because occasionally at night it starts a flashing light display, not what you want when you're trying to sleep. Haven't succeeded in saying the right thing to Alexa to stop this happening. Unplugging works a treat! Apart from this niggle I am very pleased with the product.


  After getting a good deal at £29.99 I was annoyed that I then had to pay a £39.99 fee to use all of the Alexa features-this should have been transparent before I made the purchase and I may not have gone ahead had I known.  It does struggle a bit with My husband’s Scottish accent.  Overall I am pleased with the echo dot.  It is compact and the sound is very clear.  It’s a novelty at first-I wonder how long it will be before the novelty wears off.......


  Set up was really easy and quick. I got it to operate my Hive thermostat but it can be tricky to find the right phrases for alexa to understand what I'm asking it to do. Im ending up just using the Hive app on my phone. Sound quality is poorer than expected. But it doesn't have much of an issue recognising my thick Scottish accent.


  Received as a Christmas present,  its set up was quite straight forward to do. Its very useful to ask and get a quick response to share prices, Weather, music and radio programmes. It sits on worktop in kitchen nicely and can pick up my voice requests from an adjacent room.


  Great, only reason for 4 stars is the app is a little slow, the other Bluetooth connections dont work from a far enough radius and it isn't as cheap as I'd have liked. However if you get it on offer it'd be a great deal, it's fun and interesting and for such a little thing it has a good speaker.


  Music is a bit thin, but passable. The big disappointment is the connectivity with a Bluetooth speaker. Once set up, the sounds only come from the speaker, not Alexa. Have I done something wrong, or is this the way it works?  Apart from that, it is value for money, but being a Prime customer I think the music subscription could be a little cheaper.


  I expected the music reproduction to be better, I had not realised the speaker had tobe connected to the mains when in use.The speaker was good value all things considered but I would prefer the more expensive models


  I received my Alexa as a birthday present from my son. Since then Alexa has grown more into my life day by day as I use her to keep me updated on the weather, traffic, corny jokes and of course playing anything that takes my fancy, when it takes my fancy. I'm fairly certain that I will not bother getting all the other household functions controlled by Alexa, but what she does currently is fine.


  This is our third echo dot which we use to control heating and lighting. It works well with the deeper bass gives better music sounds however  it makes understanding Alexa spoken words a little more difficult with some one with marginal hearing difficulties. However the product works well and the external appearance is more pleasing than previous versions. Overall we are pleased with the productss With three units they now cover our main living areas. The product is now a major assistance in day to day living.


  This is for my son for Xmas so have not given it to him yet - so not sure on how the product is working.Was not happy with where the delivery driver left it - it was left behind the dustbin in the pouring rain so the box was soaked & somehow it got through to the box which the product was in - I had to put everything by the radiator to dry off


  Bought this in May this year for my daughter. Worked great up until last week. Lost connection to the wifi and I have been unable to reconnect, even resetting the device itself. Tried at my neighbor's home  he has  a dot also. No joy there either.Googled it an tried all thing suggested.Amazon....any ideas.


  Looks good, sounds good and works well except that the alarm function no longer allows me to wake to a BBC radio station - anything else but not BBC 2, 4 etc. Disappointing as this was one of the main reasons I bought a second Alexa


  I found this product to be  well worth the money spent .although I am still learning its different  uses,  the tone and quality of the sound is amazing for such a small device,,an excellent product.


  I am very impressed with the Alexa dot. She shows a good range of knowledge, of certain questions asked. Does not always know some facts you ask, but at least she tells you she doesn’t know that question. I am very happy with her. Easy to install, only took about 30 minutes.


  The alexa is great but the sound quality is very poor.It's good that it's much louder than the old one but the sounds that do come out are a combination of muffled and bassey.If I had been in charge of launching it I wouldn't have gone ahead until better quality had been achieved


  Just got an Echo Dot for every room in my house and absolutely love it. Voice recognition is great, the sound is very good for a speaker that size and more than enough for the room sizes in my house. I love the new look compared to the old models. I will definitely build upon this and synch my lights etc as well.Only 4 stars as I would have loved to be able to use a USB charger cable instead of having to use a proper plug in a socket. With previous models this was possible.


  Love this as it controls my smart home product from TP LINK, which includes a plug and camera. I also have it connected to Gove home however it would be good to be able to create a skill for both to come on at sunset.I use this a lot for the timers when cooking. Sometimes it doesn’t hear me the first tome I ask a question which is a little annoying as I don’t have a very living room.


  ended up being a challenge to get it connected to the internet but some of it might have been my own fault.  Once connected works as expected and going through many artists at the moment plus weather updates etc.  Still need to learn how to use it to it's maximum


  Alexa bought for my daughter’s room. Great for dropping in and talking to her like an intercom rather that shouting up the stairs. Great for audible books but doesn’t work with Moshi twilight, which is calming music and sleepy stories. So much potential. Not yet fulfilled.


  I had problems with my dot for some reason it just stopped and would not re connect to ,my internet. I contacted amazon who phoned me back Immediately but we could not get it sorted. A replacement was sent and this is the one I am commenting on. It is a much nicer looking dot and it works perfectly I am very pleased with it. I would also like to say that I had very very good service from amazon who sorted everything out for me.


  On the whole this device does what I wanted. I bought it to listen to my music and audible. I am disappointed that I can't use it as a speaker linked to my laptop, for example. When I decided on the device I thought it could link to my tablet or laptop as a speaker, to amplify what I was watching on those devices, but it doesn't. Despite this I am happy with what it can do.


  great for a small space sound wise but if you want it for the whole house / it's not worth it. It's great in my bedroom and office and that's what i use it for.as far as the AI technology is concerned it is brilliant and can be tweaked for the individual in settings via the app


  This was a Father's Day present, so has only been in use for 4 days!  So far so good; have managed to set up a shopping list and link to mobile so that it can be called up.  The only "problem" is that we have to speak clearly and slowly and the unit sometimes mishears if this is not done.  Really good for dad jokes though!


  Bought mostly as a novelty as the accessories are too expensive. You have to speak clearly and the device is a bit sensitive as to its wake word. I changed mine to "computer" I find that I  have to speak louder than normal and really have to put extra stress on the "er"Not highly impressed with the sound quality, it really needs a better equaliser.


  Alexa is a really useful thing especially when youre cooking or youre taking a bath. It's pretty easy to set it up. The only one thing thats annoying that you cant shuffle playlists and once you turn Alexa off you have to listen to the same song again or keep on tellin Alexa to skip the song as shes not reactiong to for example "skip 5 songs". It's answering questions and reaction to commands so I'm happy with this product.


  I mean the product is from a reputable source, so you can't really go wrong with it. This is the cheaper model, but I bought it for my daughter and her mum and they seem to love it. So yeah, recommended if you don't want to fork out for the ridiculously expensive ones and want a pretty good experience following the craze of these "listening to your life devices". ;)


  I love my Alexa but at times sound could be improved. My husband particularly had difficulty with that.  I really liked being able to access news at any time and great for having music when ironing etc. I received my Alexa in a Christmas present so have't yet explored its full capacity.


  Had the Echo.dot bought for me for Christmas,...didn't know I needed one, and still not sure how much use it will get, but it's definitely fun, and quite useful in certain ways.  I'm still getting updates of what else I can do with it, so learning more about it all the time


  There's something about either the instructions, the app or, me that didn't gel and caused misunderstanding. I can't be sure what because it was quite confusing though essentially it boiled down to the security on my wi fi. After intermittent attempts over 2 days I unintentially stumbled on the bit where I had to enter my secure password from the card in the back of my router which, I've used many times before when adding various extras, and is so bl***y obvious that I questioned my sanity! Still, we're in harmony now and all's well with my world.


  Has trouble with my wife getting its attention but otherwise great . Used to be able to get local traffic just by (for example) alexa what is the traffic like on the m25 Dartford.  Now you have to ask to open a traffic app. Wish the dot had a rechargeable battery in it


  Alexa Echo Dot is a good fun device that makes it easier for parties to play music in the background or have some sound on during tea time.Overall the Echo Dot is a good product, the price is good for what you get, however it does sometimes mix up what you are saying and plays something that you haven't asked for, if you don't have Amazon music Prime you can't play specific songs and instead have to listen to music that is classed as 'similar'. Another problem I found is that trying to connect to Spotify was increasingly difficult and overall a stressful experience. I did eventually get it to work and now works perfectly fine.


  Excellent for finding a radio station quickly and easily. I wouldn’t use it for buying anything, so I’ve switched that off at the app.Sound quality for simple listening I think is good.Only got this for Christmas so maybe I will find more use for it with time.


  Sound is ok, Alexa far better than Siri, good integration with other smart devices. Quite a lot of the skills are America-centric and too specific.Once skills are added it would be a real advantage if the machine learning would just answer the question rather than having to invoke the particular skill.It’s good for £30 though.


  The Echo Dot (with Alexa) works well with Hive and is used to control our heating and lighting.  It's also useful for news updates and other pieces of info.  It also integrates with Sonos speakers, however, it doesn't, as yet, play music via Apple Music which isn't a big deal since music is played through an iPad linked to Sonos.  This is why it only gets four stars.


  Great wee speaker love how I can hook it to my sons one upstairs so when doing the housework my music is all around the house!My only thing is when using amazon music app my Alexa randomly stops playing music sometimes in middle of a song for no reason?  Not reason why other than maybe it loses signal but usually my phone doesn’t move from its position so but if a puzzle. Sound of speaker is good though, looks stylish and kids love asking it to fart!


  I find this product easy to use, once you learn some basic commands. You can use it as an alarm, as a music player, ask it jokes or fun facts.  The sound quality is good considering its just a small device.  I love it!


  Got this as part of a British gas promotion, otherwise probably wouldn't have one.Its work fine when i shout at it, but sometimes, comes on by itself when hears a key word from the TV, other side of the room.


  It’s a great little tool for home automation. I’ve combined mine with the SmartThings hub and have put a Dot in every room and have added a variety of smart bulbs and switches.However it does have trouble with voice triggers set up in routines. A lot of trouble, often you have to repeat the same phrase at least 4 times before it does what you’ve programmed it to do. I guess in that respect a voice controlled smart home does start to become a little tedious.I’m impressed with the sound quality from this little thing though. Can set to play Spotify in all rooms and it sounds pretty decent!


  When I play songs I know,  of course I can hear the lyrics, not so much so on songs I don't know. Maybe a change to incorporate base and treble might help. Also if I could have the choice of accent that Alexa speaks, that would be very welcome.  Other than that it's a super concept, and great fun. I even bade her goodnight the other day and she replied wishing me the same.


  This was easy to install and pair up with the Alexa but my one problem is after I’d had them for a little while EVERYTIME I ask it to play my local radio station it diverts to a station it thinks I’d like to hear  - WHY? If I wanted to listen to another station I’d ask for it, so you end up asking it several times before you get what you wanted in the first place 


  Having an accent can cause some issues while speaking softly in the same room, but after a few days I've found myself starting to talk slower etc for it to work correctly. Took a couple of tries to intergrate with the rest of my echos. But now a soldi piece of my household.


  Great little speaker but the speakers do not hold their own when it comes to the bigger Echo, It can sometime sound really tinny and and sometimes crackle when the volume isn't up that high. Great that you can link the Echos and have music playing throughout the whole house but don't expect great sound from it.


  Really good piece of kit and connected really quickly.Don't like it when Alexa goes on one and speaks advertising too fast when pushing the amazon music app, why doesn't it recognise that my account already pays for it and insists on giving a long run down until I have to go cartman on her and shout silence....i will need to explore the AI a little more, also bought one for my teenage son and the house hasn't been quiet since Xmas.


  How does it answer so quickly and in a normal voice, not like a computer voice ? Excellent for general knowledge, news, weather and spelling. How to phrase the question is key. Still finding things for it to do. The sound is not so great for music, but that was not the reason I bought it for. Overall, a great buy.


  This is a great little piece of kit BUT be aware , I brought another 2 only to find that unless you take out a family plan and set up different account you can only play the same music in each room and you can't use any of the free music streamers making it a great little earner for Amazon .


  Sound quality on speech very blurred. Made listening to Radio 4 - 4extra difficult. I tried changing sound settings on App, this didn't help and had a detrimental affect on music playback quality. I am upgrading to Echo, hopefuly this will improve situation.Also I can't seem to link it to Firestick remote?


  Initially very amusing, and great sound quality, but I am struggling to find anything really useful to do with it.  Unless you have a connected house, it's just a toy.  Anything really useful like playing music (I have 13,000 songs in my collection on my PC) has to be paid for - I've already bought all the music I need.


  I am really good a what I do.I'll play your musicI'll tell you the time.I'll tell you jokes.I'll even turn your fec*in lights on and off you fat, lazy git.Oi, Alexa! that's quite enough of your cheek thank you very much, any more of it and I'll swap you for a Google Home .Only joking, love you really 


  It's a good little device for the price but there is a few little things which are a pain and that's radio stations we've had a few problems finding them through alexa itself and through the app on the phone which you need to set it up but apart from that it's been ok so far


  This is sooooo cool... luv it and a great addition to our living room. I bought this to go with the Blink cctv camera system, we can simply ask Alexa to show us a certain camera and it comes up on the screen... totally worth it till the next gen comes around...


  I bought this for our son for Christmas. I found the app to connect to the echo dot very easy to use and set up. I however wasnt aware that in order to say "Alexa play Valerie" (like the advert) you do need to buy a music streaming service like Spotify or Amazon music. We went for the latter but you need to buy it under the same account you set up for the Echo Dot or it wont register it. Once that is sorted my son has found it very easy to use and loves it.


  Got this very cheap on deal. For what it is you can't really fault it. Music quality for such a small device is good, albeit not amazing, but again for size it's good. They look very tidy sitting on the side and also acts as a Bluetooth speaker too. All in all you get alot for the price and you get to mess around with Alexa too. Like I say it's hard to fault it really


  If your even looking at this product you already know what it is and how it works.I already have 3 amazon alexa devices in the house, bought these 2 as they were in the spring sale.Cant fault them, music quality is good, can be a bit tempremental when pairing to your network, but normally straight forward


  Use this item for background radio and music streaming in office. Great little discreet colour matched unit.Speech Recognition: I’ve marked as 4/5 but that’s because as a Scot, nothing really works proper for us hahaSound Quality: again 4/5 but that’s because having recently bought a Version 3 Echo for the in-laws, I am wishing I had bought that instead as it sounds amazing.Alexa integration is superb and I am more than happy with it.


  It's a funny thing when you get Alexa. I now play music I didn't play before. I can make a phone call on it. It/she can answer questions very quickly. Find myself shouting at it. If you talk to yourself (occasionally) she will try to answer. 'Wasn't talking to you shaddup'


  The echo dart is all round a great device, there have been a couple of issues when I’ve told Alexa to turn of the cabinet light but she turns off all lights, plus it constantly loses the connection to the tv. Everything else is great though and you can fix the tv issue with a smart plug.


  Keeps cutting out during songs I’ve requested, not all songs are available, it takes its time when requesting to alter the temperature using hive,there is a long pause between my request and Alexa carrying out the task it, does not cast between iPhone very well or at all, upside is I got it in a sale and it’s still a cool item to have around the house I don’t think anything can be perfect but this has a lot of potential.


  Like having a vocal remote that's knowledge based. But when this thing is given access to my calendar etc wheres my privacy when someone else questions alexa? Even over the phone my friend was able to activate and command it. Am questioning whether wiser to give it access to contacts etc when there's no privacy and any one can access info through asking it.


  My one was a gift.  Takes a lot of settings up, it’s not the sort of thing ya nans gonna sort out herself.  Thought it would have slightly better firestick integration.  Got hive working and blink camera, hooked it up to a WiFi plug socket.  Sent my brothers house a message with Alexa.  Been fighting with audible to work for about a week, ended up using it as a Bluetooth speaker playing from audible in my phone.  Anywho - nice speaker and fun if you like playing with gadgets.  Oh when you got an Amazon order about to be delivered... it only goes n flashes yellow!  totes amazeballs.  Worth a punt as said price.


  It doesn't play the song from spotify I ask for. Just simply playing last band songs I was listening previously. To change I need to do it manually either on computer or mobile phone. Overall the device is quite good I am impressed by it as I never used anything like this before. Of course needs a lot of improvement in the future.


  We have five echo dots. We have had no problems with any until this - the most recent. Quite often Alexa announces she is having trouble with connecting. I usually remove the cable from the echo dot, replug it in, and it works okay. I just cannot rely on it at all. I have tried it in other rooms with the same result.


  While I love my new Echo Dot, I find it frustrating that it relies on an external wired power source only and there isn't a battery option or even a small portable power option.It is also a little frustrating that the phone has to be fairly near to the unit (ie in the same room).Both these restrictions mean that to listen to my Echo Dot in the bath means running a power cable to outside the bathroom and the Dot's power wire into the bathroom and having the phone in the bathroom as well. Cumbersome.I still love it though and am still exploring music I haven't heard in news and discovering new tracks.


  This was an xmas present I wounldn't have bought one myself so I was therefore surprised to find it quite helpful and also you can have some fun with it although we have asked it quite a few questions that it does not know the answer to perhaps it has to learn ?


  Pretty smart or though still a fair few questions that it has no idea how to answer but hopefully in time this will be updated. Good sound quality and loud enough.Good pointsControls xbox so onLoudSound quality goodGood priceLots of gimmicky things to doBad pointsDoes not know some basic questionsLocations for eg restaurants not recognised in smaller towns rural areas.


  Good sound quality from a neat little package and very nice build quality. Initial set-up was very easy.Great for listening to all sorts of music and if you are in a poor reception area you can get local radio. A novel way to control your lighting etc.However, looks like (for me) the latest so called "bug fix/performance improvements" to the Alexa App (Huawei p8) appears to have rendered the app non-working apart from a quick flash of the start-up screen. Without it, you are grounded and can't configure or make changes to your Echo so needs sorting pdq. Tried all the usual uninstall/install, reboot procedures etc etc to no effect.


  I've not had my Echo Dot for long so I am still learning about what it can do.  I use it mainly for listening to music, but find it useful for news and weather reports, and for reminders.  The sound quality is good, haven't explored integration. Originally the wifi connection was a bit flaky, but moving the Dot to another position seems to have solved that.  All in all, pretty pleased so far.


  Sadly you can't use Spotify free or tidal in the uk. Very limited to what amazon will allow you to have. Works well as a bluetooth speaker instead. Other features work well aside from the music jailcell :(


  I already had the previous amazon echo but due to the new one coming out i though it was time for an upgrade as i do use alexa every day to turn on my lights, and set alarms, check my shcedule. I ordered the echo on amazon prime now, which meant that it arrived in 1 hour, ( which it did ) it came very quickly.  once arrived i opened the packaging which was very easy as they have designed their packaging to be similar to apple's, very easy to open. once opened i plugged it in and it was working just like the other one. The only difference was that the new echo dot has got amazing speakers, i mean they are worth the money!!!!. i had recently purchased a £100 sony speaker and it did not compare to this £30.00 amazon echo, i mean i definitley got my moneys worth!!


  Great Alexa voice interaction. Don’t expect you could enjoy a great music. It’s a small speaker so not good for listening to music but good to interact to your Alexa devices. It’s a must have device if you want to use it in different rooms.


  Got this in deal for £10.99 which is a best deal. I would expect it to be working without connecting to the plug in full charge mode. You can't take it to another place like a Bluetooth speaker. Otherwise excellent product


  I wanted this for listening to Spotify and Audible. Only annoyance is I can’t seem to listen to my podcasts through it (unless I use them via Spotify rather than the regular podcast app) and I can’t connect BorrowBox to listen to my books from there. However I’ve discovered Sleep Sounds which I love!


  Responsive Echo with good range of apps (skills) to keep you entertained or informed.  Works well with Amaxon prime for music playback. Also linked to blink cameras and philips lights.  Good size video definition. Can be linked to numerous home systems.


  Remarkable sound quality for such a small unit - rich, warm and full, even compared to the TV soundbar next to it. It was easy to set up, though you will need a smartphone or tablet to get the best out of it. Its relationship with Spotify proves occasionally strained but overall, as an introduction to the world of Alexa, it's effective, intuitive and very affordable.


  Brilliant does what its asked.Clear voice.Looks great little handsome devil Will never be sorry with this purchase its excellent!Great price too.


  Useful to connect with other devisea that friends and family may have to sens messages.Useful for delivery notifications"Sorry I'm not sure" is annoying may not have as much information as google when you need it, or you have to find another way to ask the same question.Easy to set up.Used with Amazon musicGreat for Alarms, timers and lists.Have purchased smart plugs and will be getting the bulbs.Its small neat and great value for money.


  The sound is definitely better than 2nd gen dot also better at picking up your voice commands.The only draw back for me is that you have to have to use the power pack. The 2nd gen dot was better in this respect because I have USB power built into my electric sockets... I could power that from the usbs without taking up a socket.


  Was using the expensive Apple HomePod for a year and found it so frustrating repeating every voice command and never getting what was asked. The echo is so much better and easier and in the home sound is great.


  The only reason this dot gets a 4 star is that its selling at the same price after a new version of this with clock is  available and yet the price has not decreased. Prudent to by it on sale from amazon


  This was really easy to set up and use. Reacted well to my voice commands. The sound is o.k but can sound a bit tinny dependant on the song playing. For the money and ease of use would recommend this product. It is great that it can be used in any room in the house.


  Took a while in our old house to find where the Dot could get the wifi signal but then set up was simple and straight forward. Great for music and audio books and introducing our young Grandchildren to some random music of our youth!


  The Echo Dot is good, it was a good price.It was delivered in good time.It was simple to set up, as we already have the app downloaded.The only downside is if we want to play premium music like we do on our Amazon Echo 3rd generation we need to upgrade our music package.


  This echo is a major upgrade compared to the last, mainly with a much better speaker.Alexa still has the same problems it has had in the past however these are getting better and can be fixed with a software upgrade, hopefully. Even if you have a second generation I would recommend updating if you don't use an external speaker.


  Great but can be a little glitchy at times. "She" does sometimes seems to get confused and we have to reset.One less star for this and the fact there's a whole of host features you'll discover will need extra payment for!Otherwise we find it a useful device and connectivity with our phones for shopping lists etc is a really handy.There's some fun games also which we enjoy.


  I use this products mostly for music. A bit disappointed as some songs are not recognised and a heavy rock song started playing when I asked for songs from 1950's. Also Alexa sometimes does not respond when given a request and her name has to be repeated louder each time. Decent sound quality and looks good.


  Enjoying using Alexa for a number of task from music streaming. Currency conversion smart home functionality and much more. I went for the cheaper model as I just wanted to try out the echo system therefore my only criticism is the sound quality. It’s good for it’s size and can connect to a more sophisticated system via Bluetooth. But perhaps the next system up would have been better sound wise.


  Alexa doesn't seem to have the same level of information held inside the database as Googles. Many times we have asked specific questions and she doesn't know the answer so we have had to go to ask Google. Other than that we love the Alexa and all the games and skills that it has


  I do like the dot but Alexa does get confused when you play heroes trivia but it is quite funny if you don’t take games too seriously  Alexa is a good addition to our home I have single friends who love having someone to talk to Alexa can read stories so keeps the children amused a great buy overall


  The product is small and unobtrusive. I have posed questions of which 98% I have received an answer. Alarm setting works well.Only disappointment are additional charges made on music if you are using Spotify you must have the premium version at £9.99 per month or you can opt for Amazon's music at £3.99.


  Bought for me as a present. Quite impressed with the services it can provide. Really only beginning to make use of it as not used to making voice commands. House not ‘smart’ so obviously not able to take full advantage of the advertised capabilities.


  It looks good and sound quality is good. Quite a few questions that it cannot answer which possibly a google device could, not sure. Also I had wanted it for listening to my music on iPhone but it seems you need a subscription for this. Not happy as I have paid to download the music already. Also Amazon prime want a music subscription as do Spotify. So been listening to the radio instead. Not ideal!I think it overheats in the hot weather as it just stopped completely. I have moved it to a cooler room temporarily.


  Amazing, plays any music, tells stories, adds to shopping list.Ideal for someone with dementia. Play their favourite music.  Very impressed, resisted buying one, wish I had bought it sooner x


  I love this product, but sometimes, have problems getting it to recognized my faint Scottish pronunciations,but I would highly recommend it, it is great please music every day, it so easy , just say "Elexa xxxxxx" and there it is, made me late for work listening to my favorite artists from when I was a teenager.


  I assumed (probably ignorantly) that Alexa would be able to answer any question that Google could answer seeing as she is linked up to wi-fi.  Apparently she isn't, so I have been disappointed in the amount of questions she hasn't been able to answer.  If you just want to know the weather, then she's great.


  Works straight out of the box, found it tricky to set up and still learning to use it.  Can't get it to control the fire tv, but still investigating.  Downloading the app was useful.  Echo dot is very useful and informative, only had one or two amusing hiccups.  Will be extending the set up in the future, great device.


  Great present! Whenever I ask her to play music she always does, (sometimes take a bit of time...) and the sound quality is great! This is also used at my work (care home) and is great for people with particular disabilities e.g. blind - so helpful! Despite this, Alex has some attitude! She does appear resistant when I ask questions haha


  Easy to set up, nice and simple.Can't seem to get certain stuff on it. If I set it for a radio station to come on as a wake up it never works?? It's probably me doing something wrong!!! I've linked accounts etc?? Still like it though, good price


  Only been using it a few days, but very happy! Love it! So handy! Sound quality is absolutely perfect for the kitchen. Not as loud as bigger amazon echo but its ideal for a small room, wouldn’t need it any louder! Only problem I found was it refused to play Spotify unless I had Spotify premium.


  Lot of improvement is still required. These are still first generation products. If you have two Alexa in two different rooms, your request could be overheard by the other Alexa. The quality of audio needs improvement. It should also recognise voices like they do now for voice authentication, else you can ask to arm before you leave the house and the thief can disarm it. But still a good toy for now.


  I've not given full stars for some things only because I've yet to test it fully. However so far I'm very happy with my Echo Dot. I thought it would not be as good as the more expensive Echo. But this does everything I want and more. The sound quality from the speaker is amazing! I play all my music from it now Radio etc. It recognises my phone fine even with my strong Scottish accent. I hope to link up with smart bulbs/sockets etc in time. I've no fears so far regards the outcome of that. Great value for money.


  can keep children amused - but can start arguments if they all ask different questions or ask for different pieces of music at the same time, so some need for children to stick to an arrangement - eg it's now your turn - so can promote concept of sharing - something children find difficult.


  love the echo, got it with some smart plugs and it saves so much time that you didn't realise you where wasting!  its also great for a few jokes or tactics when you get bored 'working from home...  tis a little bassey.


  Got ALEXA package yesterday, didn't open it yet, but I'm really concerned as the delivery man treated my packages badly ...throwing them on the ground ...then he took pics of them.  No wonder why some items come damaged  :( I will update it when check it later.


  Brought x2 of these Echo Dots on the Amazon Black Friday deal. Fun to start off with but then the novelty wears off. Unless you are a tech freak and will remember to use it then it's just another gadget that becomes useless. Sound quality is mediocre, Alexa will understand 60% of what you ask her to do and it sucks you have to subscribe to amazon music in full to get the full music play list despite having amazon prime brought too...


  Have only used it for a few weeks for radio - news updates - timers and reminders so far.... there is so much more and will venture in to smart home items soon too.It is a good quality product and responds to voice commands very well.


  I've not been able to set this up because I don't have a device to download the app with. There are other ways but nothing is said about this in the description.  I cannot rate anything else yet.


  Great product, arrived on time, great value too, makes turning the volume up or down or changing the song channel etc easy whilst having a new born baby in your arms as it's all hands free! Found it quite difficult to set up but kow it's all set up it's really simple to use


  Easy set up (by my son) Does everything I wanted it toStill working out how to get my alexa to talk to my daughtersbut practice makes perfect so they sayAlexa flashes when there are messages or amazon notifications,Useful bit of kit especially at black Friday price


  Still getting to know Alexa echo dot but so far so good. Provides useful information and has no trouble recognising my voice. Provides accurate local information such as traffic and weather. To gain the most regarding the music available you will probably have to subscribe to Amazon music, I am just trying the fee one months trail.


  This is my first experience of a smart speaker and I’m well impressed. As a novice I still have a lot to learn about it. But it was very easy to set up and is my preferred way to listen to the radio.


  I love it, great to have in the house buť I have found Alexa doesn't know everything and sometimes doesn't understand us!!  I purchased a 2 nd one for different room too and we have great fun plus good for quizzes, trivia etc and free Amazon music.


  Already have 2 full sized Echos. This is identical with similar sound quality. Problem I have is ability to pick up Wi-Fi signal. Doesn't seem to have the range of the other two. Drops out more frequently. Possible it is faulty, will assess over time. Otherwise v pleased


  Only had this a week and I bought it on impulse after reading a blog entry, I was surprised how good it recognises my commands even though sometimes it mis-hears but it doesn't happen often.


  Easy set up and sound quality good. Only just purchased so still getting to grips with this. My only gripe so far is that it isn’t wireless which is a major surprise. I expected that I would charge it up and then use it but when I took the cable out it just died. This limits is use around the house which is why I gave it 4 out of 5 stars.


  i love my echo,but i find the sound very deep base,and hard to understand at times,also when i am speaking to Alexa she can not and does not respond due to the difference between H and E,CHOOSE HOW CLEARLY I SPEAK.


  Alexa’s great when you want to be reminded of things, but not always at understanding what you wanted to be reminded of: sometimes with quite hilarious results!  (eg, I set a reminder using the word “parcels” but when it came to the reminder time she decided to shout out the word “arcles” which actually sounds like something very different!)However, in the main it is a very nifty piece of kit for the price and I’m sure she’ll get used to what I’m asking her to do in time!


  Love the design of the echo dot, it matches my Echo. It's small and compact and I can move it anywhere. I have it in my dining room and my Echo in my living room, I can link both of them and have music playing throughout the rooms which is great for parties.  The only downside is the quality of the sound compared to the echo itself. It's fairly noticeable but it suits me fine for what I use it for. Thinking of adding one to the bedroom next. Nifty little things.


  I shouldn't have to pay extra for French music, I paid prime £7.99 pounds every months why ask for £3.90  just to listen too French music.I put four stars because of that.Thank you.


  This is my second echo dot and this o e is much improved from the first in finish quality and in sound quality. The only problem is I can’t get the sleep timer function to work with Spotify so have to use my old one for that.  Apart from that it’s great


  Got this when on promotion for my granddaughter and see loves it...I personally dont like the sound when playing music but not a problem as I have my own speakers and for the price I paid and the money I saved I bought her the plug bracket to go with it.


  Sound quality is average, but can easily be linked to better speakers by Bluetooth. Voice recognition is good. Yet to try associated products, like lightbulbs or Hive, but other reviews seem promising. Very good with things like Amazon audible & music.


  This thing sounds good and connected to the WiFi so easily But I have still to find a use for it in daily life for now it is a fadit is already sitting in a drawer unused in just over 2 weeks.


  Have a 2nd gen Plus, a Studio, and now a Dot. All work well, albeit the Dot is smaller and tinny by comparison. It was bought for background music in the office, so that's fine.Much prefer the old shape to the new "ball".


  Nice little gadget for playing music and phoning friends though sound quality good it's not brilliantNot so hot on some answers to questions when asked price of 1st class postage stamp stated 10.79 pounds but did give a lot of information when asked about specific cricket playerFun thing for the money


  I like Alexa and I'm fairly happy with the information including jokes and little things she comes out with.  The music is very good and sound quality is good.  But it seems limited on answers to questions which I don't understand as it's connected to internet, I get I can't answer that question but I tap it into my phone and get a immediate answer a little frustrating.  Apart from that I'm happy with it.


  No whisper mode, and no guard mode. Why not, when it is available in the US. Sound quality surprisingly good, and the voice recognition is more hit than miss. Some routines don't always trigger (but then the next time they do - so no idea what is going on there). Mainly used for controlling smart lighting and listening to the radio.


  Easy to set up but you really need to have an Alexa app on an associated device, phone, iPad, PC etc to give full management capabilities. It’s free.A good internet connection with WiFi is required.Having a subscription to Spotify or Amazon music Prime is highly recommended and gives you unlimited access to music on line.Connectivity to home network and control of WiFi enabled devices is great.


  Great half price! Bit confusing (4 me!) to set up with app but eventually managed! Dissapointed in not being able to request any track I wanted to hear unless I had prime or subscription (free for a month finished..cant afford it for the amount u would use it) but great just to listen to radio.


  great piece of technology. does all that is required, mostly to play radio/music. only minus for me is that when alexa speaks it sounds muffled. probably need to go into settings. only had this product for a week. early days.


  Was not sure at first but now play all my radios stations on it. I keep it on the up stairs landing. I use a bluetooth speaker in the room I am in. It connects to that no problem.Now using it more and more for news weather and time checks.It use full for them middle of the night toilet visits when you want to know what the time  is. This way you dont have to look at your phone and have all that light shinning.


  It is a clever piece of kit, have to be careful not to mention Alexa or she is up and running, not a problem quite quirky, but I bought this during black friday deals and was under the impression that this was the Alexa with time display on the side, was disappointed that this was not the case, but kept it as was a present for my husband  and time was getting on and did not know this till Xmas day.


  I now have 3 devices that use this technology..... it’s great for quickly asking questions about the weather time or other info you may require .... playing music is what I use them for the most, linking all together so I can move around the house and enjoy it every room ....


  Great little gadget. Prob the best invention for our family to date. I have convinced so many others to have one. We have a small and big one and if I was buying again I would say go for the bigger as the sound is so much better and louder if you fancy a dance and sing along.


  The Echo Dot is a really useful piece of kit.  The only real flaw with it is that it needs to be better integrated with non-Amazon music services such as; Apple Music, Google Music and Deezer.  However, I guess you could say that about some of those companies too.  I also like the access to internet radio from around the world and that is where the Echo Dot is really useful.


  Voice recognition can be a little iffy. A "rival company" does much better with natural language processing. Voice recognition seems to have got worse with recent updates. Amazon Music is also not brilliant. Spotify is much better but you need Premium to use it on the Dot. However, the Dot is a really good device! It packs a lot of helpful features and I'm happy with it.


  This was a generous and unexpected Christmas present and we're not used to it yet. It works fine for information (if restricted), sound and music,  but we haven't any other smart devices, so aren't yet able use it to its full potential, but gives us something to look forward to.


  Excellent for everyday updates and playing music, but as it's connected to a mobile hotspot, I have to re-establish multi speaker group every time I want to play music throughout the house. Another slight niggle is that whenever I ask it to play the latest episode of a series from Netflix, it opens Netflix ok on my fire TV stick, but always starts from S01E01, meaning that I have to still find the remote


  What I like about Echo Dot is that Alexa is very responsive to my voice and finds by voice activation most of the radio stations I want. It will also step up or down volume by voice command and has many other potential uses commanded by my voice. Terrific.


  Echo dot (3rd generation ) is very good sound quality excellent very handy size bought the stand also easy to set up complaints so far asking alexa to play local radio station seems to be a problem also cannot get Scottish music doesn't always connect with your requests.


  Great little device. It seems to be able to pick up our voices even though it's sat under the TV. I love the routines where you can get the echo dot to do a list of things on a certain demand. The alexa app is good but seems confusing at times. Sound quality is good but the Google Nest Mini wins hands down. Only other gripe is the fact that only one device can play music at a time. Seems very limiting.


  I'm still getting used to this and finding out what it can do but so far I love it. I've found the Sleep sounds brilliant for when I'm struggling to sleep, there's nothing like nodding off the sound of the sea. The only issue I have with it is that sometimes you have to ask numerous times before you get the correct response as you have to be very specific in what you ask. Saying that, when I was looking into it before purchase it was mentioned that Google is easier in this respect but the echo was on offer.


  Great little smart speaker.I got this to put in my son's room so he can listen to music or a book at bed time. The sound quality is great for such a small device but it is missing a couple of things that would make it 5 stars.Parental controls to limit usage and volume would be amazing and I though it had them!  I've read about the Amazon Freetime service but cant seem to implement it on the Echo dot despite finding instructions on how to do so.  Maybe this is a regional service but it would be a damn sight better than leaving the mic mute button with its creepy red glow turned on overnight in my 6 year olds room.


  Love this interactive speaker.I can play radio and music, also ask it whatever I need to know. Bluetooth and pair my devices.Downloaded the app. Can control the dot from the end of my garden via my phone app.Love it!


  To begin with could not get Radio 4 or 3, 2, or 1 as the BBC no longer support this device.  After a lot of unplugging, re-setting and a conversation with the help desk, discovered that this can be done via “My tuner radio”.  A bit laborious but it does now work faultlessly.  A very neat smart looking little device with exceptional sound quality for its size and a myriad of useful features.  I love it!


  Had to change the activation word because sometimes the Echo Dot will start listening while watching or listening to something. Probably due to similar sounding words. Other than that it has been helpful in playing music via Bluetooth pairing, general information like the news and weather, and for connecting to all things wireless. All I need now is a dedicated screen for it and some wireless lights and smart plugs etc. Makes you feel like you are in the future (overdue lol).


  Great little speaker, although the sound does distort when over volume 8. Alexa is great, but I can’t use it yet with my Tidal premium music subscription. I also wished it had a built in battery as I tend to move around the house a lot. I do however live the fact it can connect to my Bluetooth speaker (would be even better is it could also play through its own speaker at the same time!)Keep up the good work & im looking forward to new skills & used to come in 2019


  It took me some time to learn how to use, but as long as you respect the deficiencies of modern robotics, it facilitates listening to the media and learning. It would be nice if Alexa would learn to read from the material you supply, especially if handwritten.


  having used Alexa for a number of years i now understand the trick to using Alexa  is not speaking to her but asking her, eg "what station was i listening to yesterday" where is the nearest bank and when does it open


  I love Alexa and the main reason for buying it was for my bedroom. I could use it for my alarm, radio etc. I love it. However I couldn’t get it to recognise my voice for radio selection for a couple of weeks but it’s started recognising my voice go all so thrilled.


  These are far better speakers than flex. Will recommend easy to setup, even my 80 plus neighbour could do it. So, many options with Grand Tour Alarm phrases.. adds to the fun, music, news, weather, web queries shopping and reminders all in one.


  Overall very happy with purchase. Kid loves it. Works well as alarm, reminder, weathere, traffic info, calculator. Too many services are paid ( ie song games, music), thanks customer services for help switching off the voice purchasing.


  This Gen 3 has a much better speaker, to the extent that we have stopped bluetoothing it to standalone speaker, unless we really do want louder music. Other performance seems about the same.Power cord has changed from USB to a power lead, not necessarily an issue, unless you just put USB sockets in to run this kind of thing!


  Everything is great about this speaker except the voice recognition. It often doesnt register when you say the key word but registers easily at random times when you dont want it to. Pretty annoying.Speakers are incredible and the build quality is the best it could be.


  We were given the echo dot as a present for Christmas, first thoughts were 'what do we need that for?'Having lived with Alexa for the last 6 weeks we have found it very useful. News, weather & music all on demand, an encyclopedia, dictionary and calculator with all the searches done for you.Looking to buy a 2nd one for the bedroom.


  An upgrade to my earlier version purely due to wanting a bedside clock. I already have 3 others without clocks dotted around the house - one 2nd generation plus two other 3rd generation. The latter is far superior in terms of speaker power and quality. Love my new one too but knocked one star off as the auto clock display setting is dimmed too much to read easily during the day even when fine tuning it.


  I found the description a little misleading, in that I was expecting that it would include the visible clock moduleI have two other Echo Dots, and an Echo, which appear to respond better to voice commands, than this modelThe sound quality is good, and it also has most of the features that I would expect from the range


  The device is really nice. I just think it needs to be more responsive when you give it commands. Sometimes it will be slower to respond and other times it will be faster to respond. I just wish it was more consistent with its speed.Other than that though, it is a very good device and I can highly recommend it if its feature set is useful to you.I also brought the device for £22 on Black Friday. So I am INCREDIBLY happy with that!


  An echo dot two rooms away often picks up my voice first! Perhaps the microphones aren't as good as Amazon thought.Sound is an improvement over the Echo dot 2, still nowhere near a £10 speaker.OK for free or a small price, I wouldn't waste my money if I had an echo already.


  This echo dot is great it fits in well with my smart home and makes controlling things so much easier. It was fantastic when I first got it everything was perfect. As I have been using it for a couple of weeks I feel as-if Alexa doesn’t listen as much and have to shout to wake her rather than just raising my voice like when I first got it. I was considering buying more for around the house but have been slightly disappointed with having to shout this is why I have put a lower railing. Alexa 9/10 recognises what I say straight away.


  Got into a bit of a fudge when setting up a 2nd echo dot and the app didn't give any indication to the issue or how to rectify. Hot there in end, but the cause must be quite common and merit more than a web page of troubleshooting resolution.


  This little piece of equipment is unobtrusive, efficient and to us quite novel.  The sound quality is excellent as is the voice revognition.  The delivery was slow but well worth waiting for, altogether a very good value package.


  Bought this for the nursery, unfortunately it doesn’t integrate with our baby app or family planner app which we were hoping it would do unless we change apps and lose all our current data we can only really use it as a speaker at the moment. We play Spotify/audible through it as baby is sleeping but occasionally the sound will stop randomly with no reason so we have to switch it off and on again.


  Can be a bit limited depending on what you're asking it to do. Prefers to use Amazon music unlimited wherever possible. Max setting is very loud. Linking two dots together can be very tricky although should be simple via the app. Needs more versatility.


  Bought this a few days ago and i have to say i quite like it, it does have its faults like it doesn't do what you ask it sometimes and you have to keep repeating yourself before it finally understands you, and it doesn't seem to want to work when you say Alexa so i call mine Eco and it works pretty well so far, its just a shame it only has 4 names in the app if you could call it what ever you wanted then that would be awesome ( lets hope in the future you can ) overall so far its pretty good


  This is an impressive looking unit but I am disappointed with the degree of 'Political Correctness'  that has been programmed in to it. Do not expect an answer to any question asked if it is possible for the program to find any aspect of the question which it was programed to reject. The reply 'I would rather not answer that' happens frequently. It also replies I don,t know in instances where it should know. It's rather like the Parsons Nose..Good in parts.


  Love the Alexa, only thing that annoyed me was to listen to different music in different rooms meant I have to pay more which was never made clear so not so good for family who want to listen to different music at same time without paying a lot more


  Very useful...lm disabled..for the size of unit it has a decent weight and surprisingly has a good sound. Responsive to verbal commands..call and messages. Added wifi plugs to turn lamps on/ off...control Hive thermostat..list of things it can do is marvelous. Got it on offer £24.99 and just bought another for tv room to control av equipment lamps etc and use home guard feature which detects sounds such a breaking glass etc. For the money its a bargain and comes recommended. For me its a cheap intro for turning my home into a smart home.


  By the time I have sorted out exactly what it can do,it will probably merit 5 stars,However being an aged technophobe,who knows when that will be. At the moment it plays me music and answeres the odd question or twowhich suits me fine


  Still finding out what it can do but music is good. Sound is ok considering the size and is better than some portable speakers I have owned. Like being able to listen to different radio stations. Biggest gripe constant asking to subscribe to amazon music and e mails


  This product was bought for a specific task. It involves emergency contacts.  We have tested it and it seems to work ok and I will update this review  if or when it is used in an live event.The entertainment side is fun and works fine and I am subscribing to Amazon Music as well.


  Bought this on a promotion.Works really well with our existing LightwaveRF products. Picks up voice commands very accurately and at distance. This is the product we didn’t know that we needed.Only thing is, Al*xa is now a swear word so don’t say it unless you want to give her a command.


  I'm getting used to asking 'Alexa' things that I would previously type into a browser, or speak into a browser.  She is generally faster and easier once one gets the hang of asking the right question.Proving to be more useful than I at first thought.....


  For the most part, absolutely great, but several times a week she tells us that she can't help us with that!Google home is probably a bit better, but Alexa works for us as we listen to books, radio and music off Amazon through it.


  Love the ‘on trend’ colour, goes well in my living room. Sound is superb. Children asking all the usual ‘sully’ questions whilst I’m using mainly for music,setting timers & general knowledge answers. Had the odd tv interaction,which is amusing. Overall pleased with purchase.


  Easy to set up and use, even for non Techie/old 'un! Still learning what I can ask Alexa to do, but to date have morning routine setup, vodaphone contacts linked so can call, google calendar linked, have requested music/radio stations and used shopping lists and reminders. Very happy with Black Friday purchase so far.


  Was a bit sceptical but pleasantly surprised! Haven’t explored all the features but love the shopping list ease of use, ability to ring numbers off of yr mobile phone, and ability to just play music instantly. Great present to get from our IT literate grandchildren, who all have one.


  I’m new to it and I like the fact that you can link it to your music subscription service. You can ask it to play “songs”, “songs by artist” or playlists you have created. I also ask it for information like “time” and “weather forecasts”. When I want to add items to the shopping list I tell Alexa. This creates a list on my phone that I can use. You can also set it as a timer. The speaker is 4/5 for sound but good enough. I have yet to link it to central heating or lights but it can be done but you have to invest in apps/ receivers. I love it but my partner thinks it just makes me more lazy.


  The Echo Dot speaker is very good, as far as it goes. It works well and can connect with Alexa. I could not, however, use Alexa to switch on Bluetooth. When I bought a second Echo Dot, from a 3rd party supplier, because Amazon would not sell me two Echo Dots, I could not get stereo sound, as advertised on the Amazon website. I have now seen on this website that it is not possible to get stereo sound using 2 Echo Dot speakers. I am getting fed up with Amazon's poor customer service - because it has so few shops - and will be cancelling my Prime Membership.


  This product is fantastic for putting in your bedrooms and has all of the features of the amazon echo but in a smaller package. one downfall I would say is that the speaker quality is not the best and when set to 10 it can get distorted some times, additionally, I like the echo DOT because I can turn on and off the light in the room I am in without going to the light switch or reaching for my phone or shouting to another Alexa within the house.would recommend this product to anyone.


  Had a few issues with the set up, however that is all sorted now and the device works well. The design is much improved on earlier generation models.The sound quality is good, with very little distortion, even on full volume. The voice recognition is also good.All in all very pleased with the purchase.


  Hubby got this for me as a valentines present. So far am using to check weather set alarms play the radio and recently put 2 smart light bulbs in home in kitchen and hall that Alexa can turn on and off. Only had a week so still getting used to. Wasnt too hard to set up for a non techie and very happy so far.


  Alexa works great with smart plug  but really struggles with questions that  Google voice can easily answer.  Most if the time I end up saying ok Google to my phone to get the answer I want.Good product  but Alexa  needs to go back to school I think


  Still trying to understand this? Received it as a promotional gift alongside something else i purchased so not something I particularly wanted.It certainly looks very smart and am having fun in learning just what it can do and am confident it will prove a useful addition to my household in time


  Love Alexa! My husband couldn’t understand why I needed the echo dot but within days he took it over moving it around the house where he goes!  I like that I no longer have to get u and search for music or answers to certain questions , eg the weather etc. Quite convenient


  Seems to work well, picks up instructions from some distance.The main disappointment is that you cannot ASK Alexa to play music stored on a device such as a smartphone, tablet or computer - It seems you have to set Alexa up as a Bluetooth speaker and play music to the Echo Dot FROM the device.


  Alexa can be handy for a lot of things but you have to have a clear voice for her to hear you. At times I have to repeat myself or if I’m playing a game I have to start over again half way through because she can’t hear my answers.I’ve only had the Echo for a month so I guess it’s all about getting use to the good and bad points.


  An amusing piece of kit, I must admit I only tend to use it for playing music and turning the Hive heating up and down, which it does very well. I link the Echo to a TV soundbar for a better sound quality when listening to music properly but it's OK on it's own for background music.


  It was a present for my wife.  thankfully my daughter helped set it up as configuration to our Virgin modem was quite difficult to resolve. Also at first signal away from modem was poor but it seemed to settle down and works well now in a separate room. My wife basically uses it for listening to music. Great selection of music from different genres available.


  The sound quality appears quite muffled even when put through a Bluetooth speaker. Alexa gives quite a few ‘don’t knows’ on our queries. The diary function needs improvement. We really like the voice recognition and soon got used to talking normally rather than a formal dictation mode.


  Nice styling, worked straight out of the box. Basis setting up easy enough but for anything more, it really needs to be supplied  with a comprehensive handbook IN THE BOX, to make sure that you're getting the correct advice. It's a round blob. No photograph or video would effectively convey any more than this.


  This 3rd generation is a much improved version, but not without its issues.  Don't get me wrong it's brilliant, but because it's soo loud, when on full volume, Alexa can't hear you asking her something, or even to turn the volume down!  However the sound is much improved, and a lot richer. Had to return the first one, as Alexa developed a lisp, which drove us mad! I've bought two for group music playing up stairs and down.  Unfortunately the 3rd gen isn't comparable with my original Dot, so it can't be added to group playing, which is very annoying.


  Had trouble trying to set up. Kept saying no wi fi connection. After about 2 weeks re-trying  and resetting, I was about to give up when my broadband contract expired and I renewed and was sent a new router, bingo  Alexa started working.


  We only use it for simple things like getting the weather forecast or playing a radio station but it works most of the time. I'm still concerned abut privacy though and having to delete voice history (less than 3 months) manually.


  Gor 2 one in living room one in my main bedroom BUT can't manage to sinc them 2 play same music etc... so disapointed. Also i have Prime unlimited music subscription but have been asked £3.99 to request music played? Bit mixed up with it NEED A TELEPHONE NUMBER 2 SPEAK to a human about it.


  This is a nice addition to the Alexas we’ve got and goes in the kids rooms, sound quality is ok for what we use it for, just don’t expect HI-FI quality, it’s as good as most Bluetooth speakers though... overall I’m please with it...


  I couldn’t live without Alexa and my dots. In fact when we go to my in-laws (who don’t have an echo) my wife ends up calling out Alexa frequently and uttering the odd expletive, followed by everyone staring at her. That’s the issue I guess when you use Alexa to control your media and games consoles.


  The sound quality isn't as good as my echo but that's fairly obvious really, but it isn't used as a standalone unit.  It is plugged into my av amplifier via 3.5mm headphone Jack so I can have the convenience of voice controlled heating, lights etc without the sometimes aggravating responses,  if I want music or questions answered I turn the amp to the relevant input and the sound quality is spot on.


  I wanted this to be awesome, however after having it my house for several months now, we appear to only use it as an extra kitchen timer and the kids use it to play music.You receive regular emails explaining new things you can do with it and set up was very easy. It can sync with your phone


  Given to me as a present, I had no idea of the capabilities of my Echo Dot but I didn't want to look ungrateful so I stuck with it. Now I use it not only to listen to music and news etc but also to control my central heating and make and receive phone calls hands free.


  I received it as a gift, I don’t have smart appliances around the house so i just use it to play my favorite music, ask about general information, or the weather or my amazon orders. It’s quite entertaining though!


  My first experiment with this type of gadget - and I was pleasantly surprised.  It works well and my only criticism is that the sound quality is a bit muffled - but it has only a small speaker after all.  No problems with it yet and I am happy.


  A useful little toy, but, to get the most out of it you really need to subscribe to Prime. I'm not a great music lover, so, there is a lot of things I'm missing out on. Also I find the sound to be very muffled because of the bass. I have turned the bass right down and the treble right up, but it still sounds muffled!


  This is an early Xmas pressie from our grandson and he set it up for us. I sometimes find it difficult to hear what she is saying but I think the fault is my age and hearing. I have music which is great and I use the shopping list. Our next thing is using it for security.


  Got normal Alexa for home !? So got the dot for our caravan which was ideal size wise and noise wise highly recommended!? So all our friends thought it was great and all getting Ines themselfs now !? Ideal and 100% happy thank you


  Already got the taller version in the kitchen so knew what to expect.Didn't realise I'd have to pay more for the unlimited music! £3.99 for 1 Device or £9.99 for multiple! Rip off! I'll make do with the free radio stations upstairs.


  my husbands speech is a little slurred owing to his recent stroke, so sometimes he can not get it to work,. which leaves him a little frustrated, In a way this is good, because!! it makes him practice speaking clearly!!. we enjoy hearing all our favourite music.


  First of all this is a great little thing the only thing that I’m disappointed with is the fact that it constantly needs to be connected to the internet to work or basically do anything. I was hoping to use the alarm on it for getting up for work in the mornings but I don’t keep my internet on all night so it just keeps flashing red and telling me it’s having trouble connecting.


  What I do like is the scope of the things It will be able to do for some one how has difficulty moving around there house and the assistant it  will give that person,I think this needs more support and more access from industry and government to give this system more scope . What I don't like l haven't come across it yet but when I do I will report it.


  I was a bit sceptical about Alexa but I am now a convert. The echo dot speaker is surprisingly good quality for its size and Alexa does make getting information very quick and convenient.


  Great as a radio, which suits me fine. Had a struggle setting up with my Amazon Fire, it kept thinking my fire was a smart phone. Good support from Amazon help, who sorted the issues out.


  For what it is and the £20 price tag it’s hard to complain, and overall very happy with it. However I spent 2 hours trying to get it to connect to the Phillips bulbs with no luck, only after discovering you can to manually tell the Echo to update it after yours set it up. The bulbs also needed a software update, but this wasn’t really explained anywhere.


  It is a useful accessory in my study so I can get info on anything while continuing to work. Also, can play music if required. Also quickly alter central heating. Very useful but am still a novice and haven't learnt all the potential.


  I love alexa smart home! Lots of cool things you can do. This would be a 5 star review if not for a few small things, occasionally it choses not to hear you, periodically the amazon storytime will doesn't work, there are lots of things that you could do but it doesn't let you.


  Not being very technical  I am still learning how to get the best out of my Alexa dot. I have yet to sign into getting all the music that I want. The music that I can get is from Amazon free listings. I will get there eventually.


  It’s good save me from having to get out of bed to turn the light on and off it wakes me up with music and I can make funny situations with the routines. I’m rather common and Alexa doesn’t like it when you don’t pronounce your T’s.


  This is a good little gadget the only thing I would say is that unless you subscribe monthly to amazon your not going to get all the music you want but it’s good fun and a great way of settling arguments and gaining information


  Speaker is a huge improvement over the second gen speaker in both aesthetics and sound. I'd say it's atleast 30% louder and the sound quality is substantially better than it's predecessor. Just wish it used a usb cable rather than proprietary cable. An annoying Apple-esque move by Amazon! Hence 4 stars


  Works well for what we use it for, however can be triggered by words which sound nothing like ‘Alexa’. Also had some issues with sound quality but they appear to sort themselves out every now and then!


  It took longer to set up than my Google mini.. The sound quality is slightly worse.. On the whole I prefer my Google but I can have single device plan music on Amazon prime for £3.99 a month which we can't get onGoogle..Voice recognition is not quite as good either..


  Must admit it is pretty handy when you fancy listening to some of your music - instead of faffing about with discs etc. Bit annoying when it doesn't pick up my Scots accent.Overall - pretty good. I quite like it. The sound is pretty decent for a wee unit.


  Took two days to connect to my wifi. American initial set up, so didn't do or recognise anything requested, until i managed to change the settings. Seems to work as expected, eventually?


  Im using merely as a book reader and alarm, plus news and weather reports. I know that it has more functions, but i didnt discover them yet. Other than that, i think its much more useful especially if you already have some other smart home devices installed.Overall, it easy to use and i never had a problem with Alexa not understanding my requests. I recommend it. I bought it on a promotion for £30, i would not have paid full price of £50 for it.


  This is our second Echo Dot....first of this generation. It's pretty much the same as the first one and the fact that we've bought another speaks for itself. We're disappointed with the sound quality which I believe is "improved". To our ears it is less clear.


  I know its only £25 but the sound could be better, come on Amazon you give us the app to control the speaker but it does not have the chose of.Rock soundPop soundClassical soundDance sound.This would make it an even better speaker.


  The 3rd Generation Alexa is okay but I prefer the voice of the 2nd Generation Alexa.Also this one doesn't seem to understand me anywhere near as well as my 2nd Gen one, doesn't hear me as much either.I've found that the jump between two of the sound levels is too much for my hearing, it goes from too quiet to too loud, don't have that problem with my 2nd Gen one.


  Great value when half price, otherwise it is too expensive at full price. Generally it has been very good, but occasionally the sound quality deteriorates horrendously (like a blown speaker), but recently seems to be ok. I now connect this to my Bose Revolve speaker and it is great.


  It is mainly very good and can be highly amusing in 'her' responses.  A lot of power for such a small unit.  Alexa can be occasionally unresponsive for no obvious reason.  It helps to have Amazon Prime to be able to access the music store


  I have both Gen 2 and gen 3, upscale of the sound quality is more than obviousMy 3rd gen is used as a portable radio/music player for construction site work, where it can be safely put out of harms ways in an inaccessible place and still be controlled by voiceOf Note: If this little marvel is used as a Bluetooth speaker for a TV the lag in video-voice syntronization is pronounced.Recommend by JimHill


  I haven't really utilised it as I don't have any integrated items.I've found the music very good apart one or two slight hiccups - they should tell people the tip about explicit lyrics on receipt of the unit. My 5 y/o grandsons face was a picture during Radiohead's 'Creep'...which is a back handed compliment I suppose, because the sound quality is great for such a compact device, he heard (and repeated) every syllable!The only other real uses I've experienced are for reminders, alarms and radio. However, recently I have discovered the delight of calling friends & families units.


  Great for asking for the radio station or weather but unless you know the terminology you need to ask certain things you often get the wrong reply. A little A-Z handbook rather than emails telling you the things Alexa can do would be ideal


  All works according to the box; some delay on the setup as tried my phone and my tablet, but couldn't connect - so left it and it suddenly worked after about 30 minutes. No other issues and been very useful to date. Sound  volume and quality is fine for what I want in a small flat to play music etc.


  Sound quality was a bit worse than I was hoping, I got my Alexa when there was a sale so could t complain really! My Alexa doesn’t always respond if I speak quietly and I had a few problems of it not playing my audiobooks, however after factory resetting, my Alexa has been find and I have no complaints


  Overall, a good quality Alexa product. Many useful skills. Responds well to voice commands. Sound quality is a little ‘thin’ and when linked to an external amplifier, the sound quality is still a little flat. The larger Echo products are far better if you listen a lot to music through amazon music or other services.


  I’ve only had this for a brief time and am still learning. However, I’m very impressed with it this far, in particular the speaker quality. What I’m not impressed with is that I had to buy a book in order to learn about it.


  Fantastic piece of kit, that just keeps getting better as my experience of how to use it grows. Needs to be linked to a decent bluetooth speaker, due to the small size and quality of its speaker, when listening to music.


  Good. Sometimes have to speak loudly for it to hear me. It won’t connect with my fire stick or my tv. I might get the light bulbs to connect but they are expensive. Overall I don’t use it much. Wish I got the one with the clock displayed on it though


  For me it seems to be a little overrated, also if you want to listen to good music you have to pay a monthly subscription to Amazon. If you wanna control your lights or tv etc you need to buy very expensive bulbs and plugs.


  I like the connection to smart devises, lights etc. Music everywhere is good


  Enjoying the Echo Dot. Alexa mildly frustratrating on voice recognition. Has a very occasional tendency to reply with gobbledygook.  Other than this foible, very handy piece of tech.No need to put light on to check time-ask Alexa.News updates, weather updates, diary engagements -ask Alexa.Music on tap. No need to hunt out cds or even turn on radio. Just ask Alexa.


  I want to give this 5 stars however not all features are available to other countries when they first come out I'm in the uk and am still waiting for features like guard mode and location based routines. Also if your not in America celebrity voices arnt available and you'll have to wait an unknown amount of time for their releases other than that the sound is better than Gen 2 and has more features than google home.


  As I have hearing difficulty's, I would have liked to have had less base in the Echo or at less an option to be able to adjust the sound levels to suit my hearing.  Other than that it works OK but cannot answer all questions I ask.


  Surprised at how accurate it could be. Most impressed with the integration with Spotify. If you have a Spotify Premium account you can ask Alexa to play virtually any track. Liked it so much I got one for my godson. Downside is that he's getting on their nerves so much with it that they aren't thanking me for his Christmas present this year :)


  Bought as a Christmas present for me. Ha a little problem setting up things but eventually go there. Response is generally good and sound quality good but Alexa speaks and does things when not asked which can be irritating.


  Sofar the eco dot 3rd gen has been grate and really handy but there are a few issues like any product, im finding it hard to locate the "skills" that alexa needs to do verious tasks, also the voice recognition is a bit touch and go, if the volume is above 7 i have to shout into the mic to get her to recodnise me, also when i ask her to play songs, or do cirtin tasks she cant understand me and does something completly diffrent witch can be a pain, all in all its grate, just hope these issues that im experiencing are fixed for the 4th get.


  its great for a bedside, especially for visually impaired. recognition, sound, accuracy - everything works beautifully, and  the value was fantastic. nearest thing to 5 stars but you have to leave a bit of room for improvement.


  Nice-to-have little gadget. I bought it on sale, and probably not worth paying full price for it. Sound quality is average, has some useful features e.g. setting up reminders, alarms, multiple timers.Some issues with voice recognition, I find that sometimes it does not recognise my accent.Overall I would say go for it if it's on sale!


  Love it but major issues today. Goes red and says "I'm having problems understanding you right now, please try later". Same on both Dots and reports online of others with the same problem. Did Amazon underestimate the effect of thousands of people setting them up on Christmas day and it's crashed the system?


  Im not a fan of technology, was given this Christmas just gone and only decided to open it recently - it works fine, sounds fine, looks fine - the only reason lv not given 5 stars is because it doesn't do quite as much as l believed - there's an awful lot of "lm sorry l don't know....... etc" - suppose l was expecting too much 


  Ideal for the kitchen. Good sound and small. Good for music selection with Amazon and radio.Alexa still has alot to learn especially where news content is concerned.If you want news Google home is better.If you want Music, Quizzes, and to play around get AlexaIf you have the room get the Echo.It sounds alot better.


  Dislike that you ask it to play noises etc then it tries to get you to try a free app with the noises on then may charge you later on your amazon account, you have to be careful what you ask it to do, it even misunderstood me once thinking i had just asked her to cancel an amazon order !!


  Got for 99p with my amazon family unlimited membership (which is a must to have when using Alexa)I have many echo dots and the echo plus 3rd generation and they all work well. I connect all dots together. Use with smart home devices with the plus as the hub.


  I wasn't to shure about having Alexa in the home, but now after 2 weeks I'm finding it very useful especially for finding my favourite music, also for general information instead of looking it up for yourself. Ask Alexa for a joke to cheer you up before work, find out today's weather before you decide to go out, I'm sure there are lots more useful things to come from Alexa as time goes on.Richard.


  I am a ninety two year old gentleman living in a care home but with a lively and active mind. My hobbies are writing - memoirs, experiences, people, sport - and traditional and modern jazz.  I find the Echo a whole new field into which  I have only just entered, adding it to my Laptop, my Tablet, my eBooks and my iPhone. My present favourite use is providing background music while reading in bed. So easy to switch off.  However, almost every other user I tell of my favourite has their own - which I just can't wait to try.


  I love this! I play games with it. I like the trivia challenges. I have Amazon music so it's great for playing all kinds of songs. You can order shopping too. It will read you a story. Give you reminders. And the sound quality is great for me.I don't have smart home appliances so can't speak on that.I was also dissapointed that it couldn't connect to your phone to use voice commands to make calls through it.


  I always said I wouldn't have one, they freak me out but the kids wanted one, got them both one from Father Xmas, they live them, kept the spirit of fc alive for an extra year as "mummy would never get one of these". It's good, although I dont know how to set it up so they can use them individually! So arguments over it!! 


  I love the echo, it's a great piece of tech and connects with a ton of household products.My only complaint is the difference between volume 2 and volume 3 seems more like a jump between 2 and 4. This really needs to be tweak, ideally a 2.5 or the option to .5 increase in general should be there.


  Why have I not bought one of these before? This little gem is worth every penny.  News, weather, wakes me up for work, does my shopping list, reminders, music and whatever else you need Alexa for. My only critisism is I'm having problems playing my music from Spotify. I have got the Amazon Music for Alexa but I have playlists on Spotify and my account is linked just doesn't play my music, nothing at all. Bit disappointing really


  Excellent, bought two. Easy to setup a group with my existing echo and immediately allowed play throughout the house. Already decided to buy another two to cover more areas.  It's been a little sketchy on reacting to the wakeup command when music is playing hence 4 stars.


  The sound quality in general is much better for music, you can actually use it as a regular speaker and it is much louder than the previous version. However, I seems that UK voice sounds a bit muffled and sometimes it might be hard to understand. The american voice is a bit better. I had to change the sound characteristics for it to sound better. The previous version, the voice was crispier. Hope they can fix it in a software update.Other than that, works as expected.


  I have an Amazon Echo, but also wanted one for my bedroom,This small dot fitted the bill, as it replaces the alarm clock and radio,Just tell it which station you want to listen to, turn up/turn down,If I wake just ask it the time,The sound from the small dot is awesome,Very satisfied with the product.


  I’m pleased with my DOT. However, I am finding it doesn’t always recognise what I I’m asking it to do. The sound quality isn’t too bad, but it’s below Apple’s usual standards.Overall I would still give it 8/10


  Everything is fine but when using for a  conversation radio station which I listen to daily, the speaker has a  Loud mumbling base sound even though the volume is on 2/3.  Other than that is a great smart speaker


  Sounds good and works well.  Integration and wider use is beyond of my capabilities.  I needed help to set it up even,  Does not have all the music I ask for and sometimes tries to get me to spend on wider options.


  My husband and I received an Echo Dot Speaker as a Christmas present from family members. The same family members set it up for us at our home. We have been very pleased with it and have use it to obtain information and to play music, amongst other things including some fun interactions! It would be good if we could specificy a musical artist or a song title to Alexa without having to pay for Amazon Music Unlimited, which we have not done, but we are still very happy with Alexa!


  Echo dot is brilliant.  Really simple set up and surprisingly accurate with how it picks up your voice with ease.  Only downside is the subscriptions required to gain 100% from the device (i.e prime, Amazon music unlimited/Spotify)


  I mainly use this product for music. It nice you can leave it on and when the moment strikes you can request a song using your preferred music provider excluding tidal for UK.Not found much use to be fair for other functions in my day to day routine. But it's and excellent buy for the price they are selling now.


  I have previous generation which I have always had paired to bluetooth speaker to play radio stations. This version has much better sound and can be used alone to play radio. It is not hi fi, but is like having a small radio in the room. Other than that, it performs all the things my previous Dot ised to do for me... and it looks better.


  There's not much to dislike with Alexa.  Like all voice assistance they record your voice. So privacy can and is a factor. Also it can often pick up on something you or others have said an goes forward as if you had spoken to it. That can be irritating.But for a spot 3rd edition sounds improved and I like the fatter look an style/build quality. No complaint for a  additional living room speaker. Which is mostly used for added doorbell notice as linked to ring equipment.


  so far it responds to and actions my voice commands very well, there are few instances when it doesn't understand a word or term but get there after repeating a few times.  My grandchild loves Alexa although he is too young to pronounce the name and command.  I am very surprised at how entertaining it is. I still have to figure out how to make my house SMART with Alexa.


  the Echo is a really good thing to have it's a good price good delivery only way u can use this if u have Amazon prime or pay 3.99 for music you have to repeat your self few times so it gets what u saying otherwise I would definitely recommend it


  Do enjoy Alexa but she really is dim at times and will only recognise her way of asking a question. She has foibles of not understanding ‘what height’ over ‘how tall’ that sort of thing. Siri gets both. But all in all she is very useful and have more than 1. I would recommend


  I like it but I don't love it. I purchased 2 for different parts of the house and I have mixed experiences. Including 1 when Alexa proceeded to give me New, Sports and Weather as I walked past (but hadn't said anything) at 23:00. Otherwise it does what it says on the Tin. Sound quality of speaker is fine for the money but its no Sonos Speaker :-)


  I like Amazon echo dot, as it dont take up too much room, I like how it does everything for me near enough. Asking alexia add things to shopping list, reminders, alarm clock, to play music or radio etc. Making me lazy lol


  I purchased this in the sale at £20 so can’t really complain about anything.Voice recognition is very good considering I can be hard to understand.The sound quality was great for being in a kitchen where I could listen to my Spotify tracks


  its taken us an age to move into the smart speaker world, we should have done it sooner.  She might not always listen to us, but its fun.  The big plus is the sound is great and it was so easy to set up.


  Really quite impressed with this new dot. Much better sound than Version 2, it sounds at least as good as a decent bedside radio. One star off for amount of sibilance, but to be fair this may improve with bedding in. This is a bargain of a device, even if, like me you only use it to play radio / music.


  Its pretty good sound quality, there are as many voice commands Alexz understands as dont. That could be because of they way the question is put to her. I would like to hear my local news and radio stations rather than the big ones. Like London.


  Good sound, especially for music.  Well-built.  Nice to have the integrated power lead.What I liked less was the sound quality for speech: tone was bassy, even after adjusting the tone.  Still, a very good speaker.


  Great unit for smart integration, music etc but for reasons beyond me though the app will allow 0 - 100% volume the voice commands only allows 1 - 10 (whole numbers) so at night 0 is off & 1 is too loud. So not so smart after all


  love being able to create and easily update shopping lists, to do lists etc. finding info is so quick and easy too, things like recipes, weather forecasts. So compact, doesn’t need a lot of room and can be used from a good distance away. Would recommend


  Looks great but had much more difficulty in linking this to the internet than any other echo dot I’ve got - but also the only one which shows as ‘Echo-dot ate’ when setting up


  Got this free with a Hive hub purchase - I'm impressed with the sound quality for such a little thing. Don't use it an awful lot but I like that you can listen to the radio on it. Integrates well with my Hive hub (when I have it switched on!).


  This product is really the next stage Siri, or within that ballpark. Alexa is smarter, identifies plenty of helpful things to do & offers a good range of app integration. I often find Alexa struggles to hear me say  name once the volume goes past 7 whilst playing music. When I say struggle, I mean I can be shouting ALEXA at the top of my voice with little or no response. Sound quality of the dot is frankly fantastic for its size, very clear.All in all, for the price Alexa is a very good investment. Even if you’re just after a decent speaker, it’s worth the price for the extra’s built in.


  Very good sound quality but often need to be very specific re title eg 'play theme tune for xxx' might be declined for not being enough information. Also has come on when TV is on in spite of not being addressed.


  I used to think the s was a pointless humic but within 2 days I changed my mind, we use it all the time and still find new uses after a year, sometimes confusing to set up but easy to find out what you have done wrong


  We have the show in the kitchen so installed the dot upstairs in the bedroom, needs an information leaflet advising some of the function ie what it means when the unit flashes different colours as this can be very an annoying when it flashes in the middle of the night


  I like the dot and have it strategically placed in my home.  It is considerably slower to respond and I have to adjust my requests to allow for this.  I also have to check that the dot has heard my wake up as sometime she does not respond at all.  Other than this I am still pleased with dot.


  Still not without fault. Alexa doesn’t always hear instructions; but for Prime music, Audible books and controlling Nest heating works well. Easy to connect to speakers if you want improved sound.Setup easy.Fun introduction to the ‘Smart’ universe, but a long way to go to a real AI


  I bought this after listening to my sister's Alexa and love it, so easy to use, sound quality is excellent, it's fun,and I have a huge music library and all by using my voice to ask Alexa for whatever song/artist I want.


  Having purchased this at the great price point £29.99, excellent quality, overall sound is great, basic functionality (e.g. radio, music, basic 'skills') okay, but it is really difficult to customise both Voice Recognition and then Amazon Blueprint Skills (perhaps the second depends on the first?...).  It has great potential but still needs a lot of development to be easier to integrate fully in to the home.


  Another one to add to the houses inventory....  Does the same as the others, sometimes doesn't hear what you say or recognise the item you are trying to control, so loads of fun.  Essentially a pretty marvellous bit of tech.


  Alexa tends to glitch, especially when you ask her to repeat the same song. Hopefully, this does get fixed as it's only started since the last couple of updates.


  you can ask Alexa for facts, the news, games and your favourite music even from spotify. this has helped around the house a lot and is beneficial for learning for all ages. I would recommend this especially because of the price; one thing I would say though is sometimes it can be hard for it to hear and you have to raise your voice just a little but not too much to disturb anyone.


  Decided to finally buy the echo dot whilst it was on offer in the Black Friday sale, very glad that I did. It's a great little speaker and you can have hours of fun with it. I particularly like the quizzes that you are able to play and the ability to connect it to your Spotify account (premium only). Theres so much more that it can be used for by simply adding skills through the app.


  Excellent for the price (in the saie). Easy to set up, even though I'm not great with new technology.  Gives me access to my favourite local radio station downstairs which wasn't possible before. Plays from my existing Spotify account - no new set up needed. I got a second one as it was so cheap - they were easily paired so I can play my favourite music upstairs and downstairs at the same time. Also got a portable battery pack so can take it into the kitchen with me. Very happy overall.


  The only problem with this product is even though the echo dot 3rd generation is near me my echo dot second generation picks up voice  and answers me before the new 3rd generation even though the 3rd generation has got 4 microphones. The second generation echo dot seems to work better then the new one


  Didnt really want an echo dot but after using one at work I thought I'd look into buying one . So easy to set up and looks great . Love it ! And the whole family love it too. Love finding new things Alexa can do .


  Bought this for my mum as she loved ours. She is disabled and loves the fact she can control it without having to get up. She’s still learning but can now call me, add to a shopping list and listen to the radio.


  I got it as a present for my 85th birthday and I had to get a nephew to help me over the phone once connected i am very pleased, it does a lot more than I expected as I only wanted it for music, .I get the weather and other trivial information


  We really love our echo and would struggle to be with out them now. We mostly use it for streaming music. This little echo dot is great in our bedroom and compared to previous editions the sound quality is pretty good. At low volumes it gives a good well rounded sound however, there is no comparison, especially at higher volumes, to the full sized echo. If you’re looking an echo for a main living space I would advise spending the extra money and getting a Standard echo but certainly for occasional use this is great.


  So far we have used it to play music from Amazon music.  Playing via a Denon so can comment on music quality.  No plugs or anything so can't comment on integration.  Still not convinced I needed it, time will tell.


  Good speaker for its size. However only to be purchased at a discounted price (Black Friday deal). My general issue with all echo speakers is that they cannot function without wifi, not even as Bluetooth speakers


  This is a smashing device. It has capabilities much wider than the uses which I currently have for it cutrently. But once my house gets its extension and stops looking like a building yard, I’ll be networking these around the house and I’m sure that my 4 stars will be come a solid 5.


  very solid product, built like tank. the voice recognition is very efficient and the way you can use it is very diverse. I just wish there would be more 3rd parts implementing Alexa for information (for example train stations or bus services so that you can ask about timetables etc). But I think in the future there will be more improvements


  Love the little Dot. It was extremely easy to put together with the Echo. It is in the bedroom and it was simple to create routines for waking and bedtime. Sound is good and  there are many radio stations to chose from plus a thousand other things to use it.


  This is our first introduction to Alexa.  She doesn't know everything, so she won't replace your wife.  However she is quite clever and will no doubt become more clever over time, unlike your wife, sadly.  Music quality won't replace your stereo (if you are old enough to still have one) but it is pretty good for a small speaker and is quite loud.  Good value for money. Bought another one already.


  Difficult to initially connect to wifi possibly due to the presence of other Alexas on the system .  The language was set at American English which also caused problems. Make sure it is on UK English


  Half price purchase in the prime day sale, otherwise I wouldn't normally have considered buying one. Ill ever use most of the functions but it is an amusing wee gadget and the grandchildren love it. Good sound and good for hooking up to Amazon music, radio etc.


  Occasionally Alexa goes crazy, but she works hard most of the time. She doesn't follow me from room to room because I only have one. She is my only friend now.


  Bought on offer and used upstairs as second Echo dot. Fulfils a useful function, but not one for which I would have paid the full price. Sound quality doesn’t seems quite as good as the first, and primary Echo Dot. All in all a good purchase at the price.


  I pourchased this at the lower price of £24.99 so that we could listen to the radio etc. in our kitchen. It does the job but the microphones are not as sensitive as the large echo devices and although the speaker is quite loud, the quality is not as  good. Still for £24.99 it is still quite good value.


  have now a number of these devices and they work great and do a great job. Voice recognition is positive and reliable. However I do not allow them connected to my contact list and do not use them for calls. That is a difiante No No


  I like some of the music it plays, but its focus seems to be on pop. If you ask it for specific music (eg, Mozart) it is very good. It has very limited understanding, I confused it by asking for a particular BBC Radio 4 Programme, which defeated it.


  This a a sturdy and very well presented unit. Alexa works well.I found the sound quality a little lacking in higher frequencies, so whilst good for background music and for Alexa it lacks clarity for radio voice production. Sounds are muffled.


  A very significant improvement in sound quality. This new speaker makes it slightly larger and heavier. Plain “piano black”. Would be nice option.I have the feeling that the mics are not as sensitive. As those on earlier versions.A good by, especially ar th before release discount.


  I would usually give this 5 stars as I have had a few of them now but this time around with this one I received they have changed the power lead to a cheaper made version which doesn't suit the product at all I much prefer the old lead it was a lot more flexible and less prone to the wires splitting inside. I know I got it cheaper because of black Friday but why should I get a cheaply made version of what I'm used to so much so that iam thinking of returning the product sorry amazon


  Does so much more than I expected. My only real criticism is that the sound quality is fuzzy, nowhere near as crisp as I had expected.Apart from the sound quality, it’s great, a fiddle to set up, dead easy to use.


  Set up was a little frustrating as I had to try to connect it a few times but once connected it was quick and simple. I set this up as my 3 year old daughter likes to sing and dance in her bedroom and Alexa makes it happen.


  Voice Recognition lets this down , for instance.Alexa play  Simon's playlist = "create new playlist Simon Says?"or sometimes  = "Playing playlist from Simon and Garfunkel"Alexa Play Mum's playlist = "playing songs from The Moms"


  Used for listening  music but there are songs Alexa doesn't know and example mispronounced  I ask for Micky Most and his playboys  but get Micky Mouse and his gang - most of the time and have asked othera to try without much success. It is on Alexa but I find it frustrating! Other groups are a bit hit and miss as sell


  I have 4 dotted around the house, one controlling some lights.Setup and integration was pretty straightforward, the lights were up and running in minutes.The biggest issue is the voice recognition, we get some damn odd things appearing on the shopping list and are often greeted with a reply that is far from related to what we ask for. But mostly it functions well.


  The Echo Dot works seamlessly with my Alexa so that I can use without taking my original device with me when I get up in the morning. Quality is good but not as good as my original Alexa. Excellent for the price.


  they didnt tell me in the shop that to request a particular music title that I need to pay £3.95 a month to Amazon so that was disappointing.  also it was advertised as a plug in and go but not true as there was the alexa ap to download.  I do not have a smart phone but luckily with some help worked out how to do on my computer.  But i was told I would not have to do this.  I have now bought another having been assured that the £3.95 subscription would cover both Echo Dots.  Not true.  I now have to pay £9.99 a month so rather disappointed now.


  Yes, Alexa listens to you and is creepy as hell in some ways, but I've found this so useful since I bought it. I get it to play ambient noise while I'm falling asleep, use it to set reminders and alarms and listen to music, do shopping and to do lists, all sorts.


  Pleased with our dot to accompany our Echo. My only disappointment so far is that I bought it to use in the bedroom but I seem unable to add a sleep timer when I am playing a radio station on it. It seems to work with music.


  Bought for my wife as a present. The product was easy to set up and easy to use. Just name your song and it nearly always just finds and plays. The little dot has a good sound quality.Now and again Alexa seems to get confused with finding some music or your playlist but mostly its very good.


  When it works it's really good!  When it doesn't work, I find myself constantly repeating the same instructions and getting nowhere.  At that point, it's much quicker to do it myself especially when maybe wifi isn't connecting to it or it's in a funk.  Great sound quality and I do love it, when it works.


  A handy little device. Speaker isn't great for music, but adequate in a small room. Great for communication around the house, alarms and asking Alexa questions.For listening to music I'd step up to a plus at least.


  I use it to talk to me being alone it sounds like I have a visitor. Or play music on it . Calm music for dog also . Found asking questions sometime a bit confusing unless you say in a certain way. But yes it's ok xx


  Love the sound quality, love the fact that we can control all of our appliances and lights from anywhere with the right fittings. What is a bit baffling is why different companies require their plugs & bulbs etc. To run on their own app when someone could design an app that runs all of your devices.


  Updated from previous echo dot and so glad that I did. The new echo is so much louder. I have one in kitchen and hall and when playing music the sound now fills the rooms and at half price on black Friday it was a no brainer. My advice if you have previous echo dot these are well worth the upgrade.


  Sound is very muffled. I have turned treble to max and bass to min but it's much more difficult to hear it. Also Alexa doesn't always hear what I say despite moving around to different microphones.. The older dot was better.


  Good build, much better than the previous version. Voice recognition is good, but the sound quality on music is not as good as a proper sound company so if you want quality of the speaker, look elsewhere.


  I uses my dotin my office to have play music and listen to newsOnly down side is that it can not play my local BBC STATION this is not on tuneinBut I enjoy the practical uses of thedot


  Arrived quickly, easy set up. I connect Spotify to mine through Bluetooth, voice recognition works everytime, sound is great, easy to move around the house if wanted in a different room.


  Very good speaker, works greatly but it is annoying how quiet it is even at max volume. Also, it disturbs me how you have to buy extra accessories to make it have more features.Overall decent speaker, easily tops the siri speaker but some google speakers are better. Recommend to everybody.


  Just added another two Dots to my existing one.We love using the announcement feature between rooms and I hope to start controlling lighting using voice commands soon.Sound is great considering the small size, perfect for bedside or study.


  These are great for around the house. But I really don't like listenting to music on my Dot. The base is nasty and the overall sound a bit muffled IMO. Microsophones are noticably less sensitive than on my larger Echos.


  Sound quality of the 3rd gen is very impressive for the size. Voice recognition is very good. I doubt this will be more than an occasional companion but will certainly consider more than one for bedroom and elsewhere.


  Its a good idea, however i have not sampled to extent of what it can do. time will tell. It comes with the usual white rubber lead (which is so annoying) its the same texture as the apple leads, so our cat has already chewed the lead. not happy having to keep replacing it.


  I travel a lot and use my dot to play music to my partner at home when I'm away from the Amazon music app or Alexa.The voice recognition is great and it's a nice little speaker to have in the kitchen for when I'm cooking and want some tunes.


  A nifty entry level Alexa device that does the job well. Sound quality is very poor. When connected to a Bose Bluetooth device the contrast is stark, however the difference is £200 so I wouldn't let this observation put you of purchasing one.


  Alexa is not that knowledgeable but is a fun bit of tech that works to the point of her telling you that she doesn't know the answer. I didn't like the way she tried to take over my mobile phone until I'd responded to messages and notifications.


  Got it free with an offer because I wouldn’t have purchased one otherwise. But since using it I’m impressed with the weight of the item, how it’s been put together, quality of the materials it’s built with. It’s Always understood any commands I’ve asked of it. The speaker is impressive given the size of the product too, very clear and sound fills the room.A product that will usually sit in a corner of any room but very clever at what it can do and deserves more pride of place.


  I love Alexa but sometimes it does fail to recognise what I’m saying. The sound quality is sufficient for my kitchen. I would however like it to have more music choice like Spotify.


  This is not a five minute set up. I do not use a complicated  mobile phone as I have poor sight.The Echo needs to be quite close to the user.  Commands do not work unless the volume is turned down.Disappointed that the basic echo does not give traffic bulletins.a bit disappointing all together


  Alex Echo 1st Gen is still better sound quality than an Echo dot 3rd Gen.Sounds lack bass and sound tinny. Still better sound than an Echo dot 2nd Gen.Don't upgrade if you have an Echo (non dot).


  I've had this device for over a month and it's purpose was for the alarm clock and being able set couple of alarms at a time. It does more I know but I'm particularly impressed with the sound quality of this small device and may consider the larger version downstairs for music and other things.


  Yes its great as far as it goes.  She does not always understand what you say, and sometimes provides incorrect responses.  But for the questions I ask and the music she finds for me, its a nice little companion.


  Got it for my bedroom at a decent price. It’s good don’t get me wrong but it’s primary use which is to play music. To actually control it instead of rolling the dice and hopping for the best. You need amazon music. Meaning you buy it but still need to subscribe to another service. Also you will hear often “Alexa” “ALEXA” “listen up are you blood deaf” the hearing is a little rough and inconsistent. Also the every second day email asking for a review is very annoying.


  Knew what to expect as I’ve used them before - only slight problem is that it can’t handle high volume music too well compared to bigger and better versions - starts to sound a bit muffled if you have it at the highest volume playing lively music. Still a good Alexa to have in your home though. Worth it for the price.


  This is the first time I ordered something like this. Alexa works perfect if you have other smart devices such as smart light or plugs. I’ve been using it for My daily alarms as well.Cons:Voice quality could have been bit better for music.


  Great little device. Only been using it for a few days so getting use to the features. So far it's great listening to local radio stations and the latest news updates, traffic reports and the time and checking on my appointments.Voice recognition seems good and Alexa responses are clear.So far so good, so I'm happy to recommend.


  Nice and neat easily connected seems to work reasonably well. However sound is mushy and not 100% clear and seems to have difficulty understanding requests.


  They keep getting 'better' in each Generation, sometimes only small jumps but hey ho, better than static or falling back!The connection to my network was so easy, I thought it had failed LOL


  This device has much better sound quality than the first generation. Their is more base which makes listening to music and speech much more  pleasant. The Amazon echo is also bigger than the older version. I am very pleased with this product and would recommend it anyone.


  It’s quite a versatile apparel. I bought a smart bulb for my bedroom and works just fine, even though alexa’s skills actually are not supporting the device “Scenes” function.The sound quality is just fine for the price.I guess I’ll need to buy a decent speaker if a want a better sound quality.The only other downside is that if the music is too loud or if you’re watching something on your TV, Alexa might not hear you.


  Free gift with HIVE heating and it works amazingly, plus I got three months amazon music with the deal.the sound is unbelievable, I will most likely get another one to integrate differently rooms.


  Irritating Alexa voice - wish it could be turned off. Introduces music with totally unecessary comments.  Limited music selection unless an album has been previously bought.  Will only play a selection and not a whole album.


  Took a while to set up and recognise me. Alexa is a little erratic, particularly on radio stations. Classic FM is an American folk music channel! Interesting. Surprising music quality and a good free music selection.


  This was a christmas present from my son and i love it. Love the music the reminders i ask it for also use it as a timer when cooking. I know there is more to find out about but its good would definitely recommend it.


  I was under the impression when I purchased this that sandstone echo,s had a clock  feature ! This is not the case.I also have a echo dot 1st generation, this gives an audible sound when it hears the wake word, this does not and I cannot find anything to switch it on . if this feature exists?


  Sound quality not as good as bigger version. Bit tinny


  Very good, it’s amazing what you can ask it, there are a lot of apps/ devices you can connect to the echo but it doesn’t support all apps/ devices yet.Also you have to word phrases and sayings in a certain way otherwise it doesn’t understand. I’m slowly learning how to word things.


  Me and my son love this product. We have one upstairs and one downstairs and use it for listening to music, creating shopping lists, timers and reminders. Primarily it’s used for music and my 5 year old can easily have the song he wants played which means less whinging at me! I strongly recommend this product.Only downside is I wish it could make calls outside of the Alexa app on my phone and connect to my smart tv


  It is fun. But you should know that our girl doesn’t recognise a lot of music. She is pretty duff when it comes to opera. She just wants you to take out the next level of Amazon whatever. Vive la capitalisme!


  Amazon has limited music collection . It’s fun to have it but I don’t know if it’s a gadget that you need it . It’s a trend more then necessity. Your phone / Siri does all the things you need .


  This is my second echo dot which I now have in another room. Unfortunately I am unable to access my Amazon Music through this unit-which will still pkay throgh my first unit-this is very dissapointing-I relly dont want to pay another subscription for the second unit


  Still getting my head around the random Alex's shout outs. She tends to not to understand a lot that we haven't asked. Love connecting to my son's Spotify account I don't have any peripherals connected to my echo but can't see there being a problem there.


  Would have given a 5star but sound quality not the best for music...Amazon echo much better but much more expensive. So I'm summary good for the price


  Took awhile to set up.  Alexa has an American accent although bought in uk.  Lots of static whilst listening to radio.  Never hardly recognises our voice command at least four times we have to repeat request.  The sound is good but not the static.


  Works better than the 2nd generation and looks a lot better also. Loader, clearer and just overall better design, sometimes it does start talking nonsense for no apparent reason, but then does my wife.....so I just have 2 of them doing it now :)


  This is a great little device. I’ve got it set up linked with an echo dot with clock in the bedroom for stereo sound and it works brilliantly. The only problem is that it doesn’t always recognise the wake work with my fast Scottish intonation, so I have to take a conscious pause between saying ‘Alexa’ and speaking my instruction. It’s a very minor annoyance though and I’m very happy with all of my echo and echo dots.


  Very good product , sound quality is not too bad for such a small speaker , the use of Alexa is very impressive on a day to day basis with some limitations but not much . Voice recognition is a little hit and miss sometimes with hearing when it is being spoken too and with local accents . Overall quite pleased.


  I received this as an unexpected Christmas gift and was very pleased to receive it. However I don’t use it as often as I thought I would as without paying a monthly amount I find it fairly limited for what I want. There again I probably haven’t researched fully what it can do for me.


  I find that Alexa’s voice seems somewhat muffled. It’s certainly not as clear as I would expect. Generally though I have found it useful for music and information such as weather, news and other titbits.


  I like how precise and clear the voice quality isHowever it has twice dropped the Internet when other items have been fineI have managed to sort it but if it happens again there will be a complaint email going to Amazon, other than this I love it


  I received this as a Christmas gift and I love it. Music and don’t have to get out my iPad it can answer most questions. Ideal as I can ask it to phone one of my contacts and I can set the alarm whenever I require it.  But I have hearing difficulties and can’t hear the alarm. Why does it not go over 10 volume for the alarm?


  Great product. For a small device sound quality is very good. It linked lights thermostat etc no problem. I bought another for 1st floor. The extra products you can buy like subwoofer is expensive if you want to improve music sound quality volume.


  When it first arrived we tried to connect it through the app and manually and it didn't work. We then contacted the help line and eventually they said that yes it doesn't seem to be connecting we will send you a replacement.The replacement came but it wasn't a new replacement but a refurbished one , even though I had paid for a new item as a gift for my husband for Christmas. This is not what I was replaced with.... item good but disappointed with the  quality as it is second hand not new.


  Connecting rooms all playing my music is a good enough reason but there's so much more! The terminology would be a lot easier with an instruction booklet though, for the older generation as I believe Alex's would be a very useful tool.


  I use my Echo Dot to stream radio stations and music from Amazon. The voice control makes it so quick and easy to switch between stations or play specific songs or artists. the only thing that I would like to be able to do, which currently you can't, is to sign into my radio account so that I don't have to listen to all the adverts and get the bonus songs instead.


  Dnt use it a lot but it's great for shopping lists & alarms & reminders, playing & pausing programs with fire stick, playing quiz & music. Only downside I've had is stuttering voice once and cutting off in the middle of quiz 2-3 times.


  I do love this little speaker. The sound from it is acceptable but there is very little base compared to the  bigger speaker. Alexa struggles to understand me occasionally so I repeat myself quite a bit.Overall its a great little addition for my bedroom.


  The device was easy to set up, practically did it itself.I use this Spot to replace a DAB radio in the kitchen.When it’s released in February I shall replace my Alexa Show with another dot but the one with a clock in it. My Show is good but would be better used in some other part of the house, I only have use for the clock facility in my next dot with clock.Otherwise a splendid purchase by my son and an extra bonus a second Dot from my sister in law.


  This is a very worthwhile addition to any Echo family if you have one of the later, more advanced versions.For listening to podcasts and talk radio in bed this particular echo has a little too much bass. Even after manually adjusting the EQ to eliminate all bass it’s still a little too bass heavy. Fine for music, however.


  Good price. Handy to interlink with “smart” product and has a good app. Speaker isn’t the loudest however it is only small and there are other Alexa devices for a louder speaker


  Love Alexa gone for the 3.99 a month package and so far very pleased with the music range not having to put CDs on and Alexa very knowledgable from the weather to general questions and you can move to any room would definitely recommend.


  Great improvement in audio output quality but still not amazing, fine for non-main feature use. I use other larger devices for listening to music, this one is in a small room solely for commands and other small Alexa tasks. Good value for money though, when on sale.


  Sometimes Alexa is being stubborn like a mule, and infuriatingly annoying to follow the simplest instructions, also when I hooked 4 Echo Dot Speakers for multiple room music, the songs kept breaking and restarting on their own. I think the maximum is 3 devices hooked up together.


  First time using this type of device and was really impressed by the ease of use and accuracy of the voice recognition even with a Scottish accent.  Early days yet but so far I am liking the ease of use.


  Love the look of the New echo dot. It works as you would expect and was easy to set up and get going.It will be used mainly for music in my house.It's a shame that you can't buy a battery pack and lead to make it more portable around the house like you can the generation 2 model.Hopefully this is something that will come at some point.


  The sound quality is very good but what lets it down is the voice recognition. Sometimes it gets confused and sometimes it does not hear exactly what you say. But this is only a small thng as all the rest of what it does is great.


  Alexa really helps as a super smart add on for your smart home as there are many devices on the market that are compatible, when it comes to the app its a bit time consuming to set dates and planning routines .skills should be activated by voice aswel .


  Alexa is very good, not having a problem with speach. Music is fantastic. Unfortunately Alexa only seem to access Amazon based info, web info cannot be found. Perhaps less animal and body noises and more surfing ability would be good.


  Like the smart home applications useful to control different locations from a remote one. eg lights, camerasLet’s have more controllable items . Less expensive video door cameras free cloud storage of images.Dislike the short power lead.  Difficult if you want to park it on the side of a cabinet, lead limits placement.A lot of trite content .


  Bought as an extension of the Echo to go in the bedroom, it was easy to set up.  The sound quality and Alexa response is not as good with the Dot as the Echo.  Also overpaid as I was told after purchase that there are regular offers, which happened a few weeks later when it was reduced to £30!  Wait for the offers!


  Love alexa , she is very helpful when it comes to reminders, alarms, music, search, and controlling smart home devices such as lamps.She also has great sense of humour when I jokingly told her to clean my room.


  Being able to ask a piece of electronic construction to play your favourite music or to answer a question for you is useful and fun no matter who you are. I enjoy being able to skip songs without having to interfere with a UI and i like the quirkiness of the Alexa AI. I would buy another when I have a larger house.


  I purchased a 3rd generation a little time ago and was well impressed with the sound quality. So when this version with the clock was on offer I couldn't resist, especialy as I could link it to may other Echo dot 3 and have stereo.This is sadly where thing whent down hill. It was easy enough to link the two together, after a software update. But I descover that stereo will not work with the BBC Sounds skill. Sound just comes out of one speaker.


  Alexa dot 3 far superior to the 2..sound is better..the  alexa dot 2  half the time it would cut out if u wanted the volume up or down  in hindsight there was probably a fault  anyway its for the scrapyard now..its early days  but love this one


  I already have an Echo unit and wanted to extend Alexa so I could have access in my office (which is at the bottom of my garden) and on a different internet connection. Works just as well as my main Echo although I would argue that the sound quality has improved as the Dot speaker is great. Had a few problems setting this up although that may have been more me that the device!


  I am really impressed with the sound quality of this device. I was expecting it to be a bit tinny but the base is actually pretty good.The only draw back is that it doesn't seem to hear as well as my 1st edition alexa. I have to shout more some times to be heard over whatever is playing


  I found it difficult to connect the echo to the app but works well now that its done.  I only really use it for the radio or playing music from amazon prime, the speaker gives a really good sound.


  Absolutely love Alexa. Her voice and the design are superior to Google's. The app integration can be worked on and needs more things to work with, specially calendars. She is not smarter than the Google equipment and it lacks a bit of flow in her speech even with all options activated.


  Needs to learn more as some simple things it just says i don't know that . but its great sound & sure time will make this better with info .. recommend to all . just get one ..vast improvement on echo 1st edition . Good fun & im looking forward to exploring its talent :)


  Works really well even recognising younger childrens requests.Only downside would be sound quality not very good but is loud enough just the quality of the sound.Would still recommend this product and i was the one in my house who objected to an Alexa!! Quickly realised how useful it is...!


  I’m pleased with the device but have yet to exploit it’s full potential. I’m still exploring it’s interconnected functionality. I’m afraid more time is necessary to give a comprehensive review but it’s fun exploring it’s capabilities.


  I know people are worried about Echo devices spying on them, I don't as I never have anyone around my house. I only ever speak to my budgies or Alexa.Good sound quality, having had a second gen Echo Dot, this is a massive improvement.


  I had an amazing deal on the Prime sale so got two and an Amazon smart socket for less than the usual cost for one Dot!Better sound than my 2nd Gen, better finish with the grey cloth side versions i purchased and the kids were very happy!


  I found setting things (bluetooth) on the App a bit hit and miss but got there in the end. Bluetooth range actually a lot better than 1m quoted.


  Very good overall for a very reasonable price.Occasionally Alexa will struggle to understand what I am asking but not too often.Also have had issues on a handful of occasions with connectivity with my iPhone and have needed to re-sync the devicesOther than that I am very happy with the echo dot.Sound quality is very good for a small speaker and makes for a great addition to the kitchen!


  Echo dot 3 reasonable functions like free radio etc, but appear to be holding back technology for future versions IMO.Will not connect to my sound bar,, blue tooth speaker or Samsung television.It only connects to my Samsung S7 phone which has the Amazon app installed, I can telephone by voice command, example, Alexa phone John.I have no other smart things like bulbs etc.


  quite impressed with device, nice sound,good voice recognition,however not impressed with the range of questions you can ask. Set is simple and quick although i found it a bit of a faff


  Had its good and bad point, love how I can control my TV, hifi etc, but often gets commands very wrong  or at random times if the day without being spoken too will dart talking to you, often saying.. Sorry I did no get that?? Very confused, so we often leave the do not listen button on


  Great speaker but Alexa is so annoying! Haha.Have been using it purely as speaker for music as I can’t be dealing with Alexa’s irritating answers that make zero sense.


  Very good quality sound, but a bit disapointed that you dont get full access to music without paying a subscription, this is why i only gave it a 4star rating.


  Generally works well and is quite useful when paired with smart plugs, smart vacuum cleaner, etc. Sound not fantastic for listening to music but adequate although didn't get it for that purpose.


  It is a lovely way to have a radio or music source wherever you want but a little disappointing that as a Prime customer I still have to subscribe to Amazon music to really get the full benefit.


  Another good little gadget. We already have the echo plus so got this one for my son’s bedroom. The only negative point I can say is that it gets confused with certain commands and doesn’t recognise certain regional accents. And for some reason, it deleted some songs from my son’s playlist. Other than that, we love it!


  Good sound and works well, when the internet connection is strong. I found it difficult to set up; followed instructions, but it took a while for it to connect to the app on my phone and to stay connected.However, once this hurdle is fix, its a good gadget.


  Great capabilities, but there’s a reason Echo costs £34.99 where as apple home pod costs £600 - when it works, it’s brilliant, but occasionally she just doesn’t hear what you said and you have to repeat it, or sometimes devices turn them selfs on or off with out any instructions. Once it completely crashed. But on the whole she works about 98% of the time and can be very useful


  This is my second Echo dot. It's so handy having one upstairs and one down. I love the plum colour and it hasn't got Amazon written on it which I think looks better. Also the sound is better on this one.


  I mainly use mine to stream music.Alexa could be improved by making her work better with the Amazon Music app as I have trouble getting her to play things from "my music" in the app. Basically, I have to move every track of an album onto a playlist and ask Alexa to play that playlist, and even then, she can't always find it.


  I received the Echo Dot totally unexpectedly as I did not order one and there was no paperwork to say why it had been delivered. I have used it and it was very good in sound and looks good. I don’t think I will use it to 0lace orders etc.


  THIS IS MY SECOND ECHO DOT MY FIRST BEING IN THE LOUNGE.  SECOND IN MAIN BEDROOM.  CANNOT GET IT TO PLAY MUSIC IN MY MAIN BEDROOM.  IT PLAYS IN THE LOUNGE.WHY IS THIS PLEASE?  REGARDS, DELIA DULLING


  This was bought for my son to expand our already numerous smart devices.  My wife loves it at it allows her to call him down for meals as opposed to having to yell around the house.  We now have a much quieter home.


  This is a great little speaker to have on my bedside unit. I would say it is a little temperamental at times which is frustrating, hence 4 stars. I use mine mainly for music but do ask Alexa for alarm sets and weather and fun things so just play around with it.


  Voice recognition is Better then old recognition, but still needs improvement, just need to speak slowly and clearly, sometimes have to disconnect and reconnect power due to cracking and popping sound, even after trying different locations


  can I use Alexa as a back up to my TVThe sound on the TV is kaput apart from using Headphones can Alexa act as a temporary fix I can get out from shielding to buy a new TV. HELPP


  4* only because the power cable/harger is not 'usb' type. Annoying because most things today are usb compatible (like the gen 2) but not this.


  Love her for playing music but trying to understand how to ask her a general knowledge question!  Not the smartest cookie!  Not sure if it’s me or her!Greatest thing is dancing around the kitchen, cooking, washing up, cleaning to the songs you love most and burning off a load more calories!


  Took ages to set up but so worth it. After speaking to multiple and unhelpful amazon helpline staff as well as receiving a replacement Alexa, I finally got the thing working. I have multiple plugs (not amazon brand though as others are much cheaper and work just as well) and I love it. My only fault would be it would be much better if it linked to iOS reminders, but I’m sure that will come in the future.


  Like phones or email, the more people have something, the more useful it is. The more of these you have in the house, the more you'll use it. I've also integrated it with Sengled and IFTTT so it's utility grow and there's still more potential.


  Beautifully finished with an excellent picture. I bought it to link with our Ring doorbell arrangement, but it is not possible to do this as I do not have an iPhone to download a file or something. Pretty pictures though. It is now sitting on my desk doing absolutely nothing. I need help.


  I like google better than Alexa. Someimes I can't understand what it's saying and it can't understand me. Have to repeat questions many times.


  Seems to have better voice recognition than the 2nd Gen Echo Dot. Sounds better too. Not quite as good as the full Echo ... of course.Shame there is no way to send back the old Dot for recycling.


  Wanted music while on treadmill. Friend (who has three) suggested Echo dot 3rd gen. Although all three of his had worked 'straight out of the box' it took 4 hours, several reboots of both Echo and router then finally two lengthy calls to Amazon tech' support to get it working. Once done it has been fine. Does what I wanted and more. I can now drift off to sleep with rain or birdsong and be woken by Alexa in the morning.


  i use alexa with my ring door camera . the only issue is the door bell and voice message volume being too quiet at the suitable volume for speaking with Alexa . other than that she is sharp with commands and recognises scottish accents !!


  In my experience the new Echo dot listening power is not as good as 2nd Gen echo dot. Specially when new echo dot 3rd gen is playing a music in vol 10 and you call Alexa and she doesn't listen at all. Sound quality is good very on 3rd gen.


  Using the Echo Dot to add some smart functionality (laziness and voice control) to my Sonos speakers. It certainly helps in the laziness department 4 times out of 5, but regularly it won't play what I've asked it to play. As a relatively inexpensive way of adding smart capability to existing (wireless) products, it performs OK. Hopefully as 'skills' improve and apps integrate better, it will become a more seamless experience.


  Alexa itself seems to be getting more stupid by the month. Cant find songs that I can see in the music app.This Echo Dot 3 is an improvement on the sound when playing music, which is great. Voices when listening to the radio sounds a bit muffled.


  We use Alexa almost exclusively for Phillips Hue lights, it’s an awesome piece of tech that so far (about 12 months now) we have had no issues with. So when the other half wanders around leaving lights on, I can turn them off with a simple vocal command!


  I have only started using it and it is very good, it's useful and fun. I use it mainly for music. I think it's cool you can whisper to it and she still heard you or over really load music you can just speak "Alexa" and she hears you 


  Nice and small Alexa. Does what you’d expect. Not really working as I’d planned, which was to get sleep music/stories but it needs more than a couple of words so wakes me up a bit. Might be better once I know what I need to say to get the right thing.


  Good bit of kit.1Only criticism is it will not connect Gold Radio.It will get Italian Gold, Forest Gold, but not the Gold I listen to.  Gold is is global.Can't work out what to say.


  Got this as a xmas gift. My partner knows I like to listen to music in the kitchen. The set up for Alexa was very easy to follow. The volume control is very loud and the bass is pretty funky too.


  Small enough to be hidden away in any room but with a sound powerful enough to fill it. Frustrating at times as voice commands sometimes play out on a separate device. Particularly when you ask for a particular song rather than a radio station. Alexa also seems to "hmmm I don't know that one" quite a lot


  Does what it says on the box. Great as an addition to a different room from your main Echo device.I’d prefer it to make the ding acknowledgement noise when you call Alexa and after she speaks like the main Echoes do.


  This was a gift, & I've only had a thanx u so that's got to be a good sign!!!!If it's as good as the echo flex it's got to be grrre8


  The reviews including Which said the sound quality was extremely good but I have found it a bit muffled. I keep telling Alexa to put up the treble but it is already on the highest . . .Overall very pleased and it's fun. She does lose connections sometime or switch off in the middle of my radio listening however.Marvellously small in the kitchen, love chatting with friends on their Alexas.


  Great sound for a device of that size. Responsive but does not always respond correctly which is probably more an Alexa issue rather than related to the dot. Same with the skills which are advertised but not our poorly working.


  My daughter bought me this for my birthday. I didn’t think I would be able to set it up, but I did. It’s fab. Every morning I ask for my Flash Briefing and listen to the news etc while making my breakfast . I’m constantly asking it question  I would really recommend buying one.


  Quite enjoyed asking questions and getting a quick response. We mainly use it for the weather forecast which is accurate so far. I naively didn’t think about having to pay monthly for access to music requests ,which is a disappointment.


  Great device and good value but cannot understand my asking it to play radio 4 and automatically links to e4 radio which is very different!


  Works as a standalone pretty well. When linked to Ring and Hive not so good.  In fact, integrating with a Ring Doorbell 2 is terrible.  With Hive to control the house items such as heating it works fine.


  Very happy overall. Sound quality is excellent but the volume is a little bit quieter than I would have liked. Having said that it is more than adequate for one large room so could link another in another room if required. Tried it with spotify at first which was rubbish. Now on Amazon music so much better


  I like the help she give me for getting to sleep at night. She has a range of choices from meditation, music and soothing sounds. She doesnt always know the answer to my questions, but overall am very happy.


  Very similar to previous Echo Dots. A tad beefier. Better sound (but who uses them to play serious music?). Fabric finish is nice (tweedy).Voice recognition is the same (it's all done in the cloud).Capabilities are the same (it's all done in the cloud).


  Great product. Only missing a star because I can hear it slightly when it's in standby mode (like a faint white noise). Only a minor thing and certainly only because I have very sensitive hearing but this might annoy some people.


  Excellent piece of kit, amazing what she does. Great sound and loads of skills. Still a lot to get used to. my constant companion in the day, still trying to get her to play music from my amazon music account like my other alexa dot downstairs does, otherwis i would rate her5 stars


  This Dot is a useful addition to the Alexa App I have on my Fire 8 Tablet, works well with things like my Alexa enabled smart switches, great for answering questions and getting the news and weather, a fun all round product.


  Got this as a gift for Christmas and while it is a very hot product as of now, I honestly don’t find much use for it except for playing music and using Alexa’s skills (but there are some fun skills). Still, I’m glad it was a gift because I wouldn’t find myself buying it out of my own will. What I have found though (as I was also given a Google Home) is that the Echo feels more advanced with more features. That’s all I have to say.


  Alex's is the best thing I've added to my house.... The Skills and integration to the lights works perfectly.my only problem is that it needs to be connected to the socket all the time to work... It cannot work without the plug, which is an absolute bummer.... I don't know why I always just assumed it would work without the need to connect


  Not the greatest of the smart speakers around and not the cheapest as well. But does the job as description. Voice recognition may be better than other, quality may be 2nd.


  This unit was sold as a package with two Phillips Hue light bulbs. It is difficult to set up, as the Hue app keeps searching for a bridge to achieve setup. Eventually sorted it with an Anazon customer adviser, but took him about 20 mins and a lot of experimentation! The package should come with clear instructions for initial setting up. All works well now.


  The unit is just fine, but I take into consideration that I bought two at Black Friday knocked down price of £40 per pair! I would be hard pressed to purchase it at it's normal price (£49) as it is, compared to other smart speaker options, not justified.


  Bought this to have in my office at work and the sound quality is great, range of music available is very good and linked with the amazon music on my phone makes the days go quicker


  Love it brought another one for upstairs. Although was disappointing because I did pay £50 each for both of mine they went up from £30 then the day after went back down to £30 not impressed at all. I did email amazon as not happy!!!


  Alexa is smarter than Siri and will attempt an answer to silly questions-how much wood would a woodchuck Chuck and alike. Useful tool when the initial novelty wears off. Easy to set up and use. Well worth the money


  This was a surprise present from a Granddaughter. I was not sure whether I would use it but am gradually getting used to chatting to Alexa. Need to integrate into my Sonos technology. As I said in my heading Alexa is becoming a member of the household.One big question - does she LISTEN as well as respond? I do not need a "Big Brother"


  I’m obviously obsessed with the Alexa gadgets.. but this one is under parr for me in terms of sound. I wish it was better and it would be nice to finally get the audio from firestick to devices and surround pair them too.


  Use this in the bedroom as an intercom and news feed. Works well, sound quality is a little thinner than I would have liked, but we didn’t want a large Echo unit. I would purchase the same again for other ares of the house.


  I am very pleased with me Alexa dot smashing for music but I am in a Care Home and I grow Cactus but I can't find much help on my Alexa dot or finding any think to do with Do it Yourself.


  Better finish than old generation echo dots. Speaker is still poor.and recommend connect to an Auxilliary speaker system. Set up a bit complicated  initially, but follow the steps logically and then was easy. Do not like it speaking multiple languages initially before set up.


  Small and compact looks good wasn’t quite as easy to set up as I thought but I did manage it and it didn’t take long to sort out, voice recognition is getting better as I use it, have also bought one for an 18th birthday present hope they like it.


  I like my Alexa for playing music but I don't really use many of the other features, there is so much that Alexa can do ! I definitely would recommend if you love gadgets. This is my third which I got on a fab deal when joining Amazon music


  I love my Alexas - one for each room. Don’t know why but sometimes cuts off radio and I have to command again, maybe my internet. Alexa isn’t very bright, and I often have to refer to the app to answer questions. She should be programmed to answer those too.


  Bought this for the bedroom so I didn't have to shout downstairs to my echo or use the app to turn lights on/off. Works a treat. Also nice to listen to music when relaxing, although sound quality is good, depending on your taste in music I feel it could be a bit better. The dot pretty much set itself up integrating with everything my echo was set for.,and the intercom facility is a bonus. Overall very pleased with my purchase.


  I don't use it as much as I expected.  It is good to ask the time or questions. It operates my fire stick and music.  It sits in the corner and I forget it's there.


  Not really using it to it’s full potential at the mo, but will get there. Currently it turns my heating on & off, puts items on my shopping list & things to do list & puts appointments into my phone calendar. I do have Amazon music enabled on it too. All in all quite a clever gadget.


  Even though our son and daughter each have Alexa, I was not really aware of what she could do! But I learn more each day, even to getting updates on progress with my Amazon purchases. Speaker sound is a little low on quality at times, but it's great to be able to ask for whatever music I want. I look forward to learning more!


  I had so much about Alexa but didnt buy into it. Then bought two for my sons at Christmas as a stocking filler. As I was pleased with the sound of the echo dot. I decided to purchase one for myself too. Saves me hunting for cds and weather n time check. Alarm clock reminders quizzes list is endless all at the sound of our voices. However when my son has his on at times the music plays on his dot instead of mine.


  Great most of the time but occasionally struggles to understand a simple request eg when asked for Radio 4, it says it cannot find Channel 4. Also cannot understand that there is an 80s band called Madness.


  The most annoying thing about the Echo Dot is that i had to changethe command line from Alexa to Echo, because any time it came on the TVor anything remotely sounding like Alexa, the bugger would come on and startwaffling..


  We bought it as a present for the wife’s daughter. She thinks it’s great. Only reservation I have is if you forget to turn it off , how much of your conversations will it record...?


  It's an Echo Dot - like an Echo, but not as good for music. We already have 2 Echos but wanted voice control in a third room for music and smart home devices. This was on offer, which made it a good option.


  had this purchased for my birthday. Like it but the voice recognition is a bit iffy some times, especially on the games (eg Where does a koala bear come from - Replied Australia. Alexa the said "Norway is incorrect".The sound quality is very good.


  I like the fact that you can ask almost anything and get a good answer. The bass on it is very low and a little muddy but others say it's not as bassy as the previous version, I don't know as I didn't have the previous version to compare it with.


  I bought this for my kitchen, to play music and assist with recipes etc. I like it, however the voice recognition needs work. I’m Northern Irish, and Alexa really struggles sometimes with my accent. It can be a bit frustrating!


  Works really well. Can hear it clearly upstairs in my 2 bed house. Does tend to ignore me sometimes and I have to restart the app on my phone-this only seems an issue with playing music


  We have an echo plus in our bedroom and I've wanted a tit for our front room for a while now, to expand our smart home. It definitely lived up to that. My only drawback, as with the echo plus, is the inability to do an internet search for even the most simple questions. I love all things Amazon so I chose echo over Google home but that's the one thing that makes me question my  choice hahaha


  Good for selecting music but sometimes Alexa doesn't quite get what you are saying. Don't like that it has made me ask it the most stupid random things...my metal age has regressed!


  Much Better than 1st gen. the sound quality and volume is leaps and bounds ahead of the model before. So loud for such a small speaker, excellent quality sound. Planning on buying a couple more for the rest of the house


  She’s not as good as google interacting with you if I was to choose between I’d go for a google sorry just my opinion maybe not your.


  Very pleased with my purchase. It's as though we have another family member in the house. Mind you, she doesn't know the answer to a lot of things


  Great for having this in the house as you are pottering around. Also fun for the kids when you get emails for Amazon with funny things to ask Alexa. Can have lots of fun with it. Love having music on in the house so it does everything I want it to. Great price too.


  Liked that it was bigger and nice fabric surrounding the sound is clear but very basey not sure how to alter base yet fits in well with other items on desk very eased with purchase


  Small convenient Echo to have in another room.  For the price of a small radio you get a mini assistant that can give you music without having to press a button! Sound quality OK but not as good as the Echo but this is never meant to be HiFi!


  I won this in a raffle but had been looking to purchase one before that. I love how I can control many items from using Alexa, including my thermostat and smart plugs set up around my home.


  It's a fantastic smart speaker for the price. Occasionally it doesn't pick up my voice but it has no problem with the other 3 people in my household. We have been enjoying kids skills and setting up routines in the app.


  Good little smart speaker. I have an echo and a Sonos so sound wise not brilliant if you want fantastic music quality, but ideal for me as a timer, weather forecaster etc.


  Got this as a present, to be honest I never really understood why people were buying themAt the minute I use it as a dab radio on steroidsAn alarm clock that instead of screaming beep and I jump to snoozeTo a device that has a gentle ping, says good morning, tells me why I have to get up, plays the news and then music - also any time during day I can tell it the play the music I wantVery impressed so far


  I have yet to use it to it's full potential. Mainly purchased to replace a kitchen radio. Easy to set up. Great sound quality. I am enjoying playing with it and getting to know what it/she can do.


  The setup instructions are pathetic! "Open the app and follow the instruction", which app? Non available on my phone were correct. During an evening and a day I chatted to four or five support assistants and got nowhere. The following day I chatted to Harvey who pointed me at the Alexa website and within seconds I was up and running.There is a need for more explicit setup instructions.


  She can be a little temperamental, like she doesn’t listen to me all the time, and sometime the Alexa app and the device don’t get along. But all in all I love her! She’s the handiest day hing I’ve ever had, i can play music so much more easier and call my friends and family, even freak out my brothers when I text their Alexa device. She’s the best present I’ve ever received and wouldn’t trade her for anything, except maybe a unicorn, but we all know Voldie made those extinct.


  Bought 3 over christmas for myself and two other people. Good sound and interaction so pleased with the items. High recomendation as long as you activate skills within the app


  We are still getting used to.each other! So far the smart home stuff has been really helpful, and some of the skills and games.are.good.fun. I do have to repeat.myself a bit though, and she has a trigger.fine volume.


  Within minutes we were able to listen to our music from Amazon prime. After a little longer we had set up the morning alarm playing music from our local radio station - goodbye alarm clock radio.We are learning all the time and cannot imagine how we managed without it.


  Nothing to complain except the voice.  Haha.  I play with it for so long . I asked some of the stupid qustions like 3x3x3x30x300+3 .fun to play when u alone if no one talk to u hahha


  Use mainly for music but access to information is quite impressive. Have added Ring doorbell and this works well. No doubt, will grow in utility as smart devices are possibly added In the future


  I chose to to use Spotify as my music provider . This will cost you £9.99 per month and you don't get to keep the music. We don't listen to music that much indoors so I won't bother


  Bought as a 2nd speaker for the kitchen , great sound for such a small unit but having trouble with syncing with lounge dot with voice instructions but it seems to sync via iPhone APP ???


  Quick delivery.Loving my echo dot but such a shame the cable is so short, means you can't put it everywhere you want as limited with plug... just remember Alexa doesn't know everything


  Excellent thing.. but for the sound quality... Too muffled for my old ears... I bluetooth it out to external speakers so all good


  I love how my Alexa recognises my voice so well and also reacts well to my commands. The only issue I have is that I tried to set up an alarm using radio 2 but plays the Welsh equivelant. However this is a minor issue as I can use one of the preset alarm tones or a different song of my choice and play the radio after the alarm using a voice command as usual.


  This is a decent speaker and assistant (if you buy it discounted).The sound quality is okay, not great but okay for casual listening.Alexa has her moments where she can be really useful, the tech does have some way to go though... The speaker does listen very well and can generally hear you without shouting.


  I would like a clear explanation of what i can do with my Alexa! How do I use it  to its full  potential.N.B. I have received several calls from 'Amazon'. I cannot make out what I hear, although I think £39 is mentioned.It is a very 'tinny' voice. Inspires no confidence in me whatsoever. Sounds very dubious.If it is genuinely from Amazon I think you should change it immediately.RegardsRobin Longmore


  I like the dot, I like listening to music that I haven't heard for years. I now have voice control lighting which is great.I also find it useful for updates on the time, news & weather. In fact I LIKE MY DOT.


  Still getting used to it.  Switch off when not needed as records/ listens to conversations through google who I don’t trust 1 iota.  Handy for shopping list and fire tv


  A bit tricky to set up.Kept switching my router off.I would not except my password,but eventually everything worked out.Don't use all the benefits but ones I do use very pleased with it.Mostly used for music.


  I already have an Echo but the Dot for the bedroom was a useful addition.  Doubles as a clock-radio and alarm. Great for podcasts and audio books.  Sound quality superb given the size of the speaker.  Highly recommend.


  This is my first experience of using the Echo Dot / Alexa. It was reasonably easy to set up and has been useful in the kitchen for getting such things as weather information / playing music or radio channels. Need to investigate more of what it can do.May consider having another unit in another room.


  Much improved over the 1st edition that it replaces both functionally and aesthetically.  Only snag is bit appears not to wish to recognise the name of one light and jiggered if I can figure why.


  Alexa is new to us, so we have been bombarding her with questions, occasionally she gives quite humerous replies. Alexa certainly knows her music. 


  good item and lots of fun. However not usable as an internet browser as limited functions e.g. could not find the time of high tide at the beach. Good for audio books and music. Pity no blocks function for children’s excessive use.


  All the time it took to connect to the internet - tried with Ipad - upteen times and it would not connect ???  In desperation I then tried with Kindle even that took 3 times and finally it connected - possibly because that is an Amazon base ???


  Looks great; nice to use and simple to set up the dots are just amazing value and very responsive indeed.Various colours too great to have one everywhere.... would love one in the bathroom


  Purchased my 3rd echo for the kitchen, great to get the radio on when Im cooking.Also a I can set timers and also ask my Alexa anything :-)


  The echo dot itself appears to work well but I cannot fully utilise all of its capabilities as parts of the app are only functioning in Spanish!I have contacted Amazon as it appears to be an issue with my account rather than the hardware but as expected, some two weeks later I am yet to receive a reply.  I basically have a voice activated speaker with average sound quality!... thanks amazon!


  Can not get Amazon music on the additional Echo I bought, first one is great, but not working on the second one. Very frustrating. Also I was told by colleagues they got 90 days free trial with Amazon Music, I have been offered 30 days!


  It's a new thing for my house (Alexa) You need to have Amazon Music or spotify or similar not YouTube to play your songs of choice .. it can play radio stationsProbably loads more to this device,  I just haven't got time to go figuring out what it can doHappy with purchaseSometimes I have to talk really slow and perfectly clear but other wise


  Having had the Echo Dot bought as a present and being a novice, I am still learning what it can do! Haven't purchased any "smart" products yet, so can't check its functionality!


  We haven’t found anything to dislike, in fact, the Echo Dot has proved most entertaining!  We use it for listening to music,  audiobooks, information, weather reports and awful jokes!


  I love my alexa, although it’s default setting is always Spanish and half of the time the app linked to the alexa is too. Once the language is changed though the basics work well, although the app is still Spanish.


  Only one problem. The sound is louder which is good compared to the 2nd gen son no need to boost it with another plug in/bluetooth speaker but when it’s at 10 Alexa can’t hear your commands. Other than that looks amazing sounds amazing and is more user friendly.


  Good company when you're on your own or busy. Good for basic tasks but you have to subscribe to and pay out for additional apps if you want it to do more i.e. Amazon music. Not everyone can get things for free if they aren't with Amazon Prime.


  Was hoping we could use this with batteries occaisonally to move into garden for a few hours on weekends, a little disappointed.Otherwise great.


  Looks good, easy enough to set up, received as christmas gift, would of liked more if could of used with Microsoft Windows better, very good as a speaker, nice sound quality.


  Great I have poor eyesight with these I just speak ' good morning' light comes on reads my calendar plays my fav radio station. This is just one example of tech helping out.


  Works well and audio quality although not great, exceeds what you might expect for a product this cheap and compact. It sounds better than the echo spot which in my opinion is overpriced.


  Very good all round, we use it for internet radio ,picks up the stations fast,quiet surprising really,no problems with voice recognition as I have a strong local accent it can still understand my instructions,no complaints so far.


  This is a great addition to my other Echo it integrated well with my first one and allows me to have music all through the home when I want to. It was easy to set up it virtually does itself once it is plugged in.


  I have an Echo Dot and this is slightly better quality sound but highly annoying as the light stays on, circling the rim of the device.  I have to turn it off at night.  A bit disappointed.


  Amazon should have these devices set up with alexa ready for OS options like pick listi.e come ready to connect to internet only to work  surely any  tech giant should find this easy


  Wanted it for use as a kitchen radio, hands free operation, and could get Three Counties Radio perfectly when an ordinary FM/AM radio cannot get it at all in this are.


  It looks better, Radio sounds better but can hardly hear her talking unless sound is up loud, it sounds more muffled with the fabric on. But anyway, looks are prime and she does everything we want her to, except Politics so she’s very welcome in our house 


  Seems to have some difficulty finding radio stations, for example ask it to play BBC radio 4 and it says it does not5 recognise.For recorded music from the library it is very good and, for it's size the tone is good.


  Not had much chance to use it properly yet. I did take to Spain but it wouldn't connect to our internet so couldn't use it. Thought it would automatically do it through my phone app, it works perfectly in the house though.


  Sone times she justbrepeatd what I say, asking her to play the radio and it's normally when she repeats me a little annoying but ivetall not bad


  I absolutely love this devise,I now have one in the bedroom and kitchen. I can listen to any music I want off Amazon,For anyone living on their own ,it’s great company ,I highly recommend lt.


  My first one of these smart thingys, but pretty impressed. Had it 5 months now and after difficulty working out how to use it, now works well. Shame the price has gone up rapidly as I only paid £29.99.


  Aside from voice difficulties - no matter how clear I speak it doesn’t recognise what I’m saying - it’s a fun device that I mostly use for playing music.


  Its ok once you get used to asking questions in the simplest form.  I use it to listen to audible and the sound is very good


  Was not sure to get it at first. but as it was going cheaper though get it.my girlfriend who like a lot of music did not want me get it.but now she never off it on it more then me..


  Not many instructions on set up, fairly easy but couldn't find WIFI connection to begin with and I couldn't find the set up on my app. Easy once they came up and voice recognition OK. Seems to be working well, great price.


  I absolutely LOVE how you can ask Alexa to add things to your shopping list or call someone on the phone. However, I HATE how she sometimes stops playing in the middle of a song or game.


  When I bought these echo dots I had really no idea what they could do but I have found them so usefulFirst of all I’m dyslexic and being able to ask Alexa how to spell is wonderful . They act as a radio, timer, music player And generally it’s really rather fun


  Wicked cool toy! Never worry about losing the remote again with Alexa! With everything linked to the dot.It sometimes fails to recognise stuff you only asked yesterday but.. it’s still a cool device to have. My family use it for spelling, research and I use it for my weekly shopping list.


  A short lead connects this Dot to my hi fi using the Aux input.  I now have full stereo with all the volume I need.  Result!


  Excellent little speaker, sound quality is better than stereo’s twice it’s price, the only thing that it’s missing is being able to use internal speaker independently from Bluetooth or line out. I have mine in my bedroom and it would be great if I could use it the same time as my Bluetooth speaker in the bathroom. Being voice commanded, how hard is it to say internal speaker off (or on). Other than that, it’s great value for money and the sound quality is excellent for the price.


  Very easy to use once setup and find I'm listening to so much more music. Downside doesn't always find songs in Spotify I ask for so I have to select through my phone for it to play


  Great little gadgets is you have the time and patience to set them up.If you have 1 perfect, if you have more than one device and more than one user it starts getting complicated.


  instruction leaflet print so tiny I couldn't read it.While watching a TV prog on hacking a man said "Alexa. order me a new ipad" My 'Alexa' started to order a new ipad. I found that the name Alexa cant be changed to something less common, so for now its switched off. It was great at switching my electric blanket on tho, without having to go upstairs lol


  Sound quality is adequate for such a device at lower volumes but any significant amount of bass and the limitations of this things size start to show. For casual listening though it is great especially given the ease of use.


  Has a lot of good qualities and plenty of functions. Voice recognition is decent, only had a couple of slip ups. Only thing I can criticise is the music function, as Alexa can’t play playlists, only individual songs or albums. This is also where I’ve found the difficulty with voice recognition. However other than that I can’t really fault it, for someone with a lot of questions through the day it’s a great little device. Lovely appearance too.


  It's great, I used for music mostly. My usage of it has declined as it is a listening device and the comments regarding this have put me off a bit but all in all I enjoyed listening to my soul music


  I am reasonably happy with this but you hav to repeat yourself too much until it understands , also the volume is not really high even on ten , good for small room


  Sounds quality is okay , if you like really blasting your songs then this isn’t the speaker for you. I love setting my alarms on it to the radio etc ... using it for reminders , very good .


  The device is definitely a good one on its own.Don’t expect perfect integration with Apple Music (Alexa doesn’t recognize the single songs of an album) and with other gadgets such as the ring doorbell (the majority of the time there’s no sound coming from Echo if someone rings at the door).


  I use this mainly for reminders for my cooking; Playing music and the wife finds it amusing to ask Alexa stupid questions from time to time. I tend to switch it off when my wife comes home from work.


  Not as good at answering my questions as Google on my mobile.Could do with a greater input of general knowledge.However the device does have it's uses.


  Having a clock and the light on the clock adjust automatically,so no bright light on you face when you go to sleep .and colour choices of the dot.


  Alexa seems to be ok but it keeps freezing pretty often - repeating the same sentences no matter what you ask her. And very limited songs or 'knowledge' makes her an average product.


  Product is good but occasionally gives wrong or random information. Can be quite funny sometimes. Excellent for listening to music though, but had to upgrade to prime music unlimited as my regular prime membership meant that a lot of the music I wanted to listen to was not accessible. Do feel that this is a bit cheeky on Amazon’s part though. 4.5 out of 5 for the device though.


  This is our third echo dot(dot 1 and two 3s) sound quality very good,dot 1 does require blue tooth for decent sound,for some reason not easy to connect,does come on line all of a sudden after a few frustrating attempts


  I have one of these in the living room and one in the bedroom. The one in the bedroom is used daily but we rarely use the other. I’ve paired mine with HIVE and use it to turn the bedside lamps on and off.Speaker quality is ok unless you have it on the top volume. It then becomes slightly distorted.I’d recommend it as it is a nice little speaker and the hilarious things you can ask Alexa to do as well as control lights is very good overall.


  Great little device, setting reminders, listening to music etc, if looking for more than one in the house you will need to upgrade to multi room, sound was great for first few days but then became a bit tinny


  I’m pleased with my purchase but I’m disappointed it doesn’t have a clock on it which is the one I thought I was ordering.


  Still getting to know my dot, but enjoy using it very much. Lots of fun, especially linking up with various speakers around the house.


  Good gadget for music, forecasts, timer and such.  You have to be careful how you word a question sometimes.  Great Black Friday price. Totally unobtrusive in a little corner.


  l found the Echo dot 3rd gen to be fun to use,good performance and does a lot more features than expected.l only purchased the ECHO DOT just over a week ago but have had much fun using it, unlike my wife who things lave another women in my life,will post a further review when l have used it over a longer period of time.K.E.J


  Absolutely love my Echo dot. It does all that was expected of it.........except I originally bought it so that Alexa could read my kindle books and I could listen to them through the headphones. Fantastic, except that Alexa speed reads.  if I could slow her down as you can in audio books I would be very happy. As it is this is really not bedtime reading as she reads so fast and her words sometime are so fast they run into each other. Please Amazon sort it as I know many reviews say the same thing.


  She had a rubbish little portable radio in the kitchen which died, So I bought her this and she loves it. ended up getting another one herself :)


  Gorgeous colour but sound is a bit muffled - purchased to have in kitchen to shout shopping list items at, so very handy but radio/music and speech is quite muffled


  Playing music. Main problem is integrating multiple speakers, yes you can group speakers, but some won't group every time. Some non Alexa devices, e.g. light switch it depends which profile Alexa is on! Can't find full insrtuctions. Yes it may be finger problem.As a simple speaker and timer fine.


  I wanted Alexa firstly because I cannot get a good radio signal in the kitchen.  I have only had her about 3-4 weeks and quite often she stops working or says she has trouble understanding but this seems to get better as the day goes on.  I will persevere - I think it will be worth it.


  Nice little speaker sound could be better but ok for the radio.  Only bad point I would say is it's not rechargeable so has to be connected to mains all the time.  shame on todaysa world of technology!


  I use it for listening to audible and music, activating programs on my fire TV.I dont like it cant differentiate when  you say Alexa when  the music is loud.At higher volume the speaker loses some clarity


  Got this free with a British Gas Hive deal and am very happy with the quality and spec of the unit.  I haven't really used it too much so far, but it seems to answer every question I've put to it and pretty good sound quality for such a small unit.  Vital to subscribe to Amazon tunes to get the most out of the unit, only £4 per month and well worth it.


  It was a Christmas present from my sons, they bought it so I can use it in the bedroom listening to music & I have  a smart bulb so Alexa is set to turn on my bedroom lamp or off when needed ,also have echo downstairs & one of my sons has an echo in his room so use it to interact with him & others in household , I haven't found anything I dislike about the dot .


  Temperamental Alexa I have asked to sing some lullaby as I have purchased it to my baby nursery, and it replayed that when it plays lullaby it few so sleepy  Part of it, ok


  Would have given this a 5 star review because on the whole its very good, but it randomly stops working and i have to keep unplugging it for a minute and then plug it back in to get it working again which is quite annoying. Don't know if its a general technical fault with the Echo Dot or if I just happen to have a faulty one.


  It cannot look up simple searches when it should be able to by now.For an assistant its not very good and only gets its infomation from the wiki


  A little disappointing. Voice recognition by Alexa is poor. The Amazon store of music isn't all that it is cracked up to be either. Alexa is an amazing piece of technology and I will, no doubt, eventually recognise its plus factors.


  Initially couldn’t link to Spotify but after some help from Amazon Customer Care it eventually worked. Decent speaker.


  Very neat good sounding Echo Dot . The only negative point is that it does switch itself off at times which can be annoying!


  Pleased with my purchase. Easy to set up and understand. Sound quality very good. Used on a daily basis. I do recommend this product!


  Great sound for a little speaker, have both Google and Alexa and there is no clear winner. I am thinking of buying another for outdoor patio use.


  It's ok. Mostly does what its supposed to do.Disappointed it doesn't have a rechargeable battery.It has to be permanently plugged into mains  power so can't move around the house.


  Music and news. Monitoring sound problem bbc news updates very low volume unable to control with volume controls on echo dot. After switching power to the device off and on again volume corrected.  Will continue to monitor.


  The Echo Dot 3rd Gen. is a brilliant piece of kit!  I confess that this is my first member of the Echo family, but I am delighted with it. The sound is great, the product feels very substantial and most importantly it is aesthetically pleasing, all at a very reasonable price. I am seriously thinking of purchasing a second to go in a another room.


  I have to admit that my biggest issue is not having sound to acknowledge hearing me, which is what the echo has. Such a shame the dot doesn't. Simple software fix, I'd say.


  Sometimes misses what is said.A good feature is the ability to suggest an alternativee.g. we have smart plugs and sometimes say "turn on plug 1"Alexa then asks "did you mean first plug"However, the Echo show 5 is superior.


  Great little item if you have Amazon Prime.Not much use if you don't.  Can still use most of the features without it but it's really designed for use with it.


  This product was bought as an addition to my Amazon Alexa which I pay a fee to Amazon Prime to stream music.When setting up the ‘Dot” . The voice stated that I could not get “streamed music “ on this product and that I would have to pay extra money to get the music.Why couldn’t this (dot) be connected to the original Alexa ?


  I received this as a Christmas present and it is great but have not used it to its full use. In time I probably will but at present just use it for weather, how to spell a word, music and Eagle radio and answering a question.


  its great just what I needed as an extra for the bedroom or as a main for any room, I didn't give it 5 stars coz I would have liked a longer flex


  Amazing gadget , I didn't realise how amazing this is. Still learning so ratings not perfect. Would recommend if you have grandchildren as mine (3 and 6) love the jokes and keep them amused for ages


  Overall a useful product, I only have one criticism--I am a little hard of hearing and find the sound quality is pretty poor, I have to guess most of what is said.


  If I can teach it to do some of the housework and make a cup of tea in the afternoon for me,I'll be laughing, LOL! Seriously awesome!!


  Does not always understand my requests. The sound is either too loud or too soft, no in between.I will pesevere until I get it right because I am a fan.


  It’s really worth 5; but the first I had was faulty this one however works spot on, love it. Nice piece of Technology worth the money now sorting the automatic lights on and everything else.


  I use it a lot for music and it’s great for playing shuffled songs from various artists but can struggle with specific albums buy certain artists. To get the best out of it regarding sound quality you have to hook it up to a decent speaker like a Bose for example. Regarding voice recognition, you have to speak the queens english, if you have a strong accent you can struggle, Apart from that it’s not bad, the wife loves it.


  I have three of these in the house and they are great for listening to music.  Only issue so far, after an hour of playing tunes, Alexa does tell you to come back later.


  Alexa as an AI is pretty annoying. It is also irritating to say ‘play blink 182’ and then have that exasperatingly annoying blinkist app constantly speak and let you get out of it.The echo dot is a great speaker for £20 and if you strip back and review all of the privacy quirks like sending recordings to amazon and take away the communication features what you have a brilliant voice controlled speaker - once you set it to Spotify that is.


  The only thing holding back from a 5 star is being able to say Alexa, Ask google ......because she is terrible at answering basic questions that google can answer


  We do not have the same Vocabulary. She does not understand my requests and chats. I need to learn her vocabulary.Perhaps she does not like 89 year old men !!


  Love the little echo dot. I listen mostly when I’m working in the kitchen, so the ability to change channel, volume etc by voice recognition means I don’t have to keep washing my hands to change channel etc. It’s also great to be able to ask Alexa for a particular type of music or programme without having to search for which channel is broadcasting that content at the time. Great value for the price.


  What a great little item. Good for listening to the radio and playing my Amazon Prime music. Downside is that my partner who also has Amazon Prime can't play his music. I guess we would have to buy 2..... This is annoying and why it's only getting 4 stars.


  Love it...having so much fun with 'Alepsa'...music sounds fab on it...her voice sometimes sounds muffled and can be difficult to understand...but in general...fun


  Have enjoyed using this more than I thought. Main use has been streaming  the radio, good for those nights you can't get to sleep, Alexa ' radio station of choice' 'go to sleep in x minutes'.  Things it dosnt do, train times, and requires a third party app to stream you own local music media (My Media £5, is worth it).


  It doesn't seem as responsive as other programs like Google and Siri. I've had to correct it several times or get it to carry out instructions in stages to get an end result. Overall though it's a useful tool that doesn't encroach on your environment.


  The plan was to use this with the on board speaker and two additional Bluetooth speakers as it is it works with the on board speaker or a Bluetooth speaker.  That said the on board speaker is OK and one of my available Bluetooth speakers does give a superior sound.This is however on board speaker or the Bluetooth speaker either way for its primary use, voice controlled radio it has been brilliant so much so we will be getting an additional unit for another room.


  Great little product that I really haven't got the best out of yet. I do use it to leave the "dog music" on for when I'm at work though. I wish my mother had internet so I could get her one. 


  It's nice as I like to play music through it also to turn off my lamp before bedtime . It's very good at asking questions and getting answers haven't used it to it's full potential as yet .


  Mainly to listen to radio & my playlists. It takes a while to understand how to instruct a computer verbally to follow your commands but it is coming along well now.


  Little gutted I can only pair 2 devices and not all 4  Also it would have been good to be able to pair them to the original Alexa. other than this I do recommend


  I'm Scottish but hardly have an accent. Alexa is great when she understands you but she gets a bit annoying when you keep repeating your request. Dont get me wrong I mean shes a hoot when you ask her to do the hoovering and cracks a joke every so often and we will be investing in more for our two properties so all round a decent buy but not essential.


  A present from our son. Pleased with it generally. Good sound quality. Doesn't seem to recognise if you ask for a songs on a cd by artists or movie sound tracks otherwise it is good.


  I love my Echo dot, but it will not play Radio 2 for more than a few minutes at a time. Just stops & goes silent.All other radio stations that I have tried are fine.What do I do - any suggestions please?Other than that please can you advise where I go on the website to speak to someone about this?thanksMaz


  Not as good as the normal echo for sound quality, and linking them the echos together so the all play the same music throughout the home is still a bit painful. I am still waiting in hope the Amazon will update there software to allow multiple language recognition.


  A few hours after setting up, the action following the word "Alexa" wasn't carried out. I had to press the action button instead. A search on the web advised changing the wake up word. So I changed Alexa to Echo and all is well. But on the whole Very happy with the purchase, it's so good to listen to so many songs, and get the latest news.


  Works well now we have unlimited internet!You have to be very specific about your request as she doesn't always give you what you think you've asked for.Otherwise its great


  My son bought me the Alexa for Christmas.We are using it and gradually learning the different uses for it . Still a novelty but using it more daily . Good fun!!


  Innovative speaker insomuch that I don’t know how I lived this long without it. I don’t use it for half the functions it has, but love what I do use it for.


  Easy to set up after downloading amazon app, good fun easy to use, bought the echo and echo dot  but have not rec'd the 3mnths free amazon music trial bit of a con????


  Very good, quite clever, surprisingly decent sound for speaker size. Worth the money certainly, and can see how it could be useful for the elderly who may be more technology averse...


  Great little speaker at a good price. Plugged it in and it automatically linked to another Amazon speaker in the house without having to do that manually. Decent sound for a small speaker.


  I asked for this as a present after seeing how beneficial it was to my disabled neighbour. I am also aware how much a blind friend of a friend finds their Alexa. I use mine mainly as a radio but it has also been useful in advising what the weather is like in places l have been travelling to.


  Once set up it works brilliantly but setting it up I had a few issues connecting it to my BT WiFi. Once that was overcome.....Bob's Your Uncle. Great for reading my audio books when I am not well.  I now need some smart plugs and bulbs to save energy.


  Greta little product for the price. Speaker is a little short on mid range and the instruction could be a little more comprehensive particularly for new users and the old folk. Otherwise great product well received.


  Not the sound quality of the bigger Echo Plus, but OK for a second room. Not sure I like having to pay for linked music for 6 extra devices when Inonly wanted one!


  Really happy with the Alexa, that I bought another one and placed it in a different area of the house. We have linked it too a bluetooth speaker, which is also quite good, however, the Alexa doesn't always understand when you ask her to play a radio station on the speaker so we end up doing it remotely of our phones instead. Really good price for the actual device.


  Once we finally got the product synced and working :/ It sounds as good as the main echo we have downstairs.I'm sure they could be made easier to sync with the other Echo's etc in the house.


  It's nice looking and has a selection of languages that can be set, as well as creating playlists etc.Great response to questions and access to music. My Google home only plays very limited free music or you have to pay around £12 per month for Youtube prem to get original tracks... the main reason I ordered Alexa!It would be great if you could set the light that surrounds the top to stay on and perhaps change colour to use as a subtle night light.


  Was a bit hit and miss on setting up ,couldn't connect, then it did and all seems ok .sounds a bit tinny so downloaded app on tablet to turn bass up etc not doing anything !


  Having fun using the Dot. Home is not super smart so we just use it to play music and games. A bit galling to have to pay a monthly subscription to Amazon Music to get a decent choice of music to listen to.


  Only issue i have is connecting various other items, would like it to control TV but cant work out how to do this. learning curve i think. but great product the things it does are so clever!


  It's got it's uses but these are mainly limited to setting timers and reminders, the shopping list is useful but really this is a bit of fun, nice to have rather than need to have. Using it for music is frustrating, it often doesn't get the request right and I end up using my phone. Recently linked to some plugs which just means I don't have to bend over to turn off lamps. It's a bit of fun, nothing more. Surprisingly good sound quality though.


  This replaced a first generation echo dot. Simply set up as before, but sound quality so much better. Voice recognition not quite as sensitive...I have to talk louder sometimes to get a result


  Worth buying at the discounted price. Buyers shold be aware that a smartphone or similar device, is essential in order to down load the app, which is necessary to activate the device.Once set up, it is very easy to use,and can be both informative and amusing.


  Love the plum colour although it's more like dusky pink. However this generation doesn't pick up my voice as easily as the last one, so am having to be very precise when I say Alexa


  Dot great but when asking to play music if linking to 2 devices you need premium Spotify to link them up. Not the end of the world but it’s something you need to consider.


  I like the Alexa and it’s fun to have around and handy for the radio. Trouble is she switches herself off and doesn’t always carry out the instructions. 4 times I had to ask her to put radio 2 on. She just drops the station or plain switches off whilst playing music. Odd? Let’s be honest if the plugs I got won’t connect to the WiFi (and they won’t) then basically Alexa is a toy. An unnecessary toy


  easy to install once I mastered the need to have alexa app downloaded first.  Sound quality is quite good considering the size of the dot.  I would buy again


  Overall a good product I also have a google mini who I find is more responsive. Echo doesn’t always respond first time, this can be a little annoying. The sound quality is very good though :)


  Generally pretty happy but I have noticed that Alexa had of late become less responsive when I've spoken to her & have had to raise my voice to get a response! (her location has not changed since i first purchased & installed my Dot)


  Easy to set up, including with existing echo dot. Sometimes needs switching off and back on again, because Alexa says that she is having trouble connecting to internet; even though several other devices are connecting OK. Speaker sounds a bit squechly at times.


  Also have a Google Nest, the Echo Dot was harder to set up but seems to do more things than the Nest.  It doesn't respond to my voice that well and seem to prefer my partners male voice (who isn't set up on it) which is rather annoying.  I will try redoing the voice match or it might just end up in the pond!


  Mostly to play music or any radio station but without subscribing, it won’t play a specific song. Apart from that the music selection is excellent. Also useful to program in repeat reminders.


  Honestly does what it said on the tin. It’s for my 11 year old and is enjoying playing songs. Gave me the weather yesterday but haven’t tried it out much. Very good so far!


  Have an echo and 2 dots - this one is for our bedroom. This one works well but find that the clock time is very dull and is difficult to read. I may need to check settings to see it this can be amended


  Excellent product. Bought for daughters bedroom for music and general queries. She loved it.Only wish UK version had child locks so dropped 1 star.


  I thoroughly enjoyed this item only problem is that you cannot argue with it but otherwise very happy with it thank you you in fact I have bought another one that shows you how pleased I am with it but sometimes it annoys me me because the silly thing misunderstands what I'm trying to say to it but then again when it is only a machine after all all ok


  I bought the Echo Dot /w Alexa for my Father who has Alzheimer's based on the TV ad.  Dad has and is still struggling with the device but is very slowly getting better at using the skills.  He started by calling it 'Alaska!' which although funny for me, obviously didn't work but credit to him (and a couple of strategically placed cheat sheets!) he's getting there.I'm hopeful that in another six months, it will be a massive success...


  Integrated with other devices well but for some reason the one installed in kitchen would not connect to bbc sounds when requested to play radio 2? Other Alexa devices in other rooms would


  I love the new shape, colours and the sound quality is superior to the 2nd generation dot.  I only give the echo dots 4 stars because I am sad that there isn’t a facility to find out random information like Google.  Otherwise I love the echo.


  Takes a while to used to the colour codes as little I the way of instructions in the box, many companies now rely on web based instructions and if you have problems connecting all you have is a box that is neither use nor ornament.


  A Christmas present surprise as a replacement for my dab radio which had lost all its stations and could not be re-tuned. Very clear to listen to and well used.


  Sound quality poor, but to be expected in a small size unit like this.  Bluetooth connection to Bose speaker  resolves this for music playback. Alexa element great fun and generally well used.  Really pleased with this Christmas gift.


  Alexa has totally changed my life! I love her. It's great to have music at my fingertips and to be able to change the tune and sound etc. Just by asking. It's great.


  First time having an echo, impressed so far, have added light bulbs to house which work great through it too.


  I’ve asked Alexa quite a few questions, and most of them have been answered easily...she is very good with calories. I love that I can set a timer for cooking without having to faff about, as I'm usually chopping garlic when I need to set one for my pasta. Alexa will give me the weather and turn on the radio station of my choice. I guess Alexa can do a lot more and I'm looking forward to discovering as I go along. Very pleased with my purchase.


  No problems with getting what you want from Alexa, the only issue for me is her voice, it sounds very muffled.


  It gets a bit dusty, you cant put it on carpet otherwise the little fabric peices stick to the rubber bottom, overall it is good, sometimes very sensitive to its call name, but otherwise not so much. other than that, an amazing product! i highly recommend! my daughter had libked it to her phillips hue light and is constantly switching the colours!


  Initially was an absolute pig to set up, I had to involve Amazon and they needed to do something at their end which worked so I could connect to my wifi by thus far seems ok. I need to add smart plugs etc to help get the best out of this but calling up radio stations is cool and the sound is great.


  I like this echo dot just up graded to this one sounds so much better bit upset i payed £110 for 2 3 weeks ago now there being sold for£22 each £44 for 2 and i payed £66 more not happy about this....


  Got it for fun. Forget it's there most of the time  till it flashes at me . Intend to play with it more when I have more time looking forward to using it in the garden in summer


  Very good will have to buy more gadgets to go with it pairs with TV but will not operate it properly as in turn it off on will only turn volume up will not connect 2 soundbar so we'll have to get compatible equipment for it


  The voice recognition is really good! The Alexa app feels very primitive, annoying to use, I tried many times to sync my calendar to Alexa -which was the main reason behind me making the purchase- it doesn't seem to go through, and I also couldn't use an extra bluetooth connected speaker with it.The Dot itself is a good product, most problems seem to be with the app.


  We bought this to play music upstairs where I have my computer and thought that buying a extra Alexa, we would be able to play music on the same account, you can’t....... you can do everything else but, not the music.


  Works well, more base than earlier models, but hearing the Alexa voice can be subdued if base is too high, making clarity difficult, so keep treble up too..!!


  The sound quality is great, an improvement on earlier models. It does keep disconnecting from the internet though which is a real pain as it’s a long winded process to reconnect.


  This is my second Echo Dot, but is a newer generation than my existing Echo Dot.Still trying to get it to find and operate all my existing devices with are a mix of Hive and Philips Hue.


  I received this as a gift and have to be honest I would not buy one for myself!!  While it does exactly as it says on the tin I would quite happily do without it!!!!


  Very good price (99p) plus a months subscription to Amazon Music. Quick to play requested music and weather forecasts etc. Sound quality good, however Bluetooth recognition from external speakers can take a few attempts. Voice recognition stumbles on some requests, but generally good.


  It a present for my daughter so that she can put the light on and play music for her doggo, if she is not home. I love my echo plus and i am sure she will love this!


  Bought the Dot, the whole family loves it. Handy for reminders, great for answering sons questions,music, weather etc easy to use and would be lost without it now.


  Good quality and price - works ok Alexa still gets confused by some repeated commands said in the same way each day - some days she gets it wrong. The sound quality is OK for its size and fine to listen to for most things.


  The sound is great and the features are of course very useful, but the microphone is awful, I have to shout over any background noise and if it is playing music I need to either scream or use the button on top, even after it has learned my voice.


  Good experience able to stream or play music smoothly with quality sound.  Clear voice and let you know what is going on.  Easy to use and the kids love it.


  I got the Echo Dot at the same price as a bluetooth speaker and that’s what i mainly use it for. It’s really good, picks up on voice recognition well. Kinda freaks me out that it’s hearing me all the time so i unplug it every night and plug it in again in the morning. Once it’s set up, it only takes a few moments to recalibrate but the only downside is that it only works with wifi and has to be plugged in. It can’t be used ‘on the go’ or anything :/


  Sometimes Alexa having difficulty to understand my assent, black African.....I only used it to listen to Heart Fm.... very nice to hv conversation with robots


  I like the product so far though I am still getting used to all it's features. I've noticed that when I wanted to delete a shopping list item, Alexa said it was not on my list, yet it clearly was still there. When I tried to delete it manually it wouldn't stay deleted! Any advice on this would be gratefully received.


  Good product with lot of daily use.  Sound quality is good for the size. Got it as a bargain to make the experience better. Only down side i feel is it cant play youtube videos in sound mode.


  Sometimes she doesn’t understand the questions you ask. It’s a great fun thing to have and handy for the husband who likes to know football scores but can’t be bothered searching for them.


  Easy to set up and connect. Plugged it in and it was already configured and ready to operate. (Second Echo Device).


  Got this in a bundle so low expectations. However it is better than expected. Sound is good for such small device if a bit muffled. Great fun speaking to other Alexa users but not sure how vunerable you can be.


  I really like having it around the house, its so handy as its handsfree.I have only had 2 problems, one is connecting it to another Echo in the house and the other is if the Echo has the volume up top high it cant hear me.Not big issues in comparison so how handy it is though. Will be buying more for other rooms


  Disappointed as I’m an amazon prime member so was hoping it worked with alexa however I’ve to pay extra for the music with the dot and that’s what I use it mostly for apart from that it’s great but considering stopping my prime membership due to that fact


  Already have an Echo and very pleased with it, the Echo Dot is quite good, it’s only drawback is the awful American accent this Alexa has compared with my Echo which has a relaxed English accent


  this came as a freebie with British Gas. Its bemusing trying to train it and give it a purpose other than "whats the weather?" laptop, pc, smartphone, tablet all have apps that can do the same


  Don't know if Alexa is a fun new companion or a dark brooding presence in my kitchen that's always just there....listening....Either way, she's here to stay. Although sometimes I have to shout for her to understand me or to pay attention.Hope she's not reading this.


  We have the Echo+ in the main part of the house and the Echo Dot for the bedroom.  It is great for music and alarm and light.  Well worth the money.


  I like the look of the 3rd generation Echo Dot but it seems more muffled in its tones (almost as if the cloth surround is reducing the sound) than previous generations. However it looks very smart in my lounge, & I am very happy with it.


  I got this for 99p in a Amazon music deal. This is an amazing smart speaker which controls my lights, fan, tv, smart plugs and plays my Apple Music along with other things. My only complaint is I often need to unplug it and plug it back in due to Alexa not responding to me. But this is a 10 second thing. I highly recommend


  Nice and small for sitting on a small table, recognises what I'm asking for most of the time. Occasionally plays one thing on top of the other. Good for listening to music and setting timers!


  Good quality sound, But takes a little longer to respond to voice but other than that I do like it and have added it to our bedroom. Would recommend it. 


  I had understood that it could also “broadcast “ thru my Bluetooth speakers, if it has this capability I’ve yet to discover the function. I’m uncertain if we’ll make use of Alexa or if it will lay on a kitchen self like another ornament


  Enjoy just asking a question about perhaps the weather or a crossword clue even saying good morning or good night and listening to th reply you get good  fun  good company and lots of stored knowledge


  This was a lovely present to receive,And I have had a lot of pleasure from Alexa playing my Scottish Music, Radio Borders and other stuff.It's compact, neat and a nice colour.


  I do love this but she doesn’t always understand my question or know the answer at bit hit or miss but love that I can play my music through it and connects to my hive products


  Really handy to have around the house and we really love the fact we can play music through the system with decent speakers. We just don’t feel like she knows enough. Would be better if she was able to answer more of our questions.


  Purchased as a support for Alexa echo. Would say that the sound quality is not a good as the echo, but suffices for our needs


  The sound quality is excellent.Voice recognition is on point.Getting it to call/drop in on my Contacts List was and is murder.


  Occasional Alexa activation but with no prompting. Sometimes it thinks I've finished my request, but haven't.


  The product is good - I am reviewing not the actual product I bought as a gift but the same unit delivered on an earlier occasion. Frankly it is a good product & sometimes Alexa gets the 'wrong end of the stick' but not often!


  Placed in the small lounge, nice sound quality most of the time. Already found Alexa quiet useful when composing my shopping list !Not set up for lights  ect yet. Pleased I purchased on an Amazon deal.


  Doesn't always answer you which is frustating. She seems to go to sleep! You end up shouting at her. When it does work the sound quality is excellent and better than checking internet all the time


  I use it daily for timers and music. I tried playing the games but alexa cuts out and just stops. Also alexa doesnt understand what I say most of the time


  Sound is better than I expected from such a small device not learned much about it yet but it does not seem to know of the existence of my other Alexa


  Sometimes gets the radio station I am looking for wrong but has multiple unexpected uses. I use it  for timings, football scores, weather forecasts, sometimes for music but am reluctant to subscribe to the music site. I do enjoy it.


  Wish I'd had one before.  Only use for reminders and shopping lists.  Thought recognition set up properly but Alexa takes instructions from anyone! "


  Love having the Echo around. We’re yet to use it to its fullest as we only have one in one part of the lounge, but can see how we would.It does sometimes struggle with understanding what we’re saying, or will do things that are questionable. For example, we say, “Alexa, play baby music” for our little girl. “Playing, ‘Getting It On’ playlist” comes back at us!


  Early days.  So far controls only one light, but further uses will follow. Useful for weather forecasting.  Playing music is disappointing due to poor sound.  Not surprising really.  Also no idea yet of cost of music.  Must wait to see.


  Has a decent speaker but it speaks in American after I took it to a hotel room in Liverpool??? It's still American and I'm still in England. Also it hears American accents instead of English ones, when I ask to play "the wall" I make a "aw" sound so it thinks I mean"wolf" as American pronounce different and it doesn't work which is annoying.


  I enjoy the ability to use device for listening to music and getting up to date news and weather forecasts. I am still learning how to use it to it's full potential and time will tell how much I use it. The one issue I had was getting it to connect to WiFi. This took some time but eventually it work as expected.


  Use this mostly as a radio as DAB signal in our area is hopeless. Will gradually build up with other features. Calling and notifying is handy and easy to use. Cant work out why it wont let me pick up notifications on my account but it will let my wife pick up mine on hers????


  I am still learning how to use it. But I love it so far love the colour it goes great in my home. Trying to get my friends to get one


  Bought on special prime day for use upstairs so as to avoid traipsing up and down to change radio stations or music. Really impressed by the sound quality and better still by the price.


  Easy to set up, step by step guide.Volume is excellent.Easy to move room to room (preference)Will make reminder noise if left on pause for too long


  My little boy bought this for his room! He is really pleased with it and it does what he wants it to do!! It even helps him with his homework!! I think for the price you should get free amazon music with it !!


  Bought this as an upgrade to the 2nd gen Echo dot as didn’t like the tinny weak sound.For a little reasonably priced speaker the sound is far better than the 2nd gen it looks more stylish too.A great little device for the money. Can ask Alexa almost anything and set an alarm in my bedroom too on this little Echo dot.


  Very good quality sound from such a small device. Everything works very well if its tied in with amazon. I have purchased 2art bulbs also. They don't work too well with it. Amazon music is great.


  Had this only a short while, so still getting to know its capabilities.  However in this short time it is proving to be a fun and useful product.  I'm sure we will use it more as we become more familiar with it.


  I think this is a great product. I constantly use this as my alarm now as opposed to my phone. Wake up listen to the news and the weather forecast so I can start planning my outfits and my day before I’ve even had to pick up my phone. Has massively decreased my screen time because I can just ask Alexa instead of googling which has really helped my eyes. ( headaches)


  + Volume is higher and sound is "fuller" vs 2nd Gen+ Accuracy is a bit better in noisy environments- Power plug is no longer a micro-USB one, needs its own power adapter- Fails to respond to the Alexa wake keyword 15% of the time. Makes me repeat myself. 2nd Gen Dot did not have that problem.


  Connection to the BTHUB 5 is a car crash. Once connected to Wifi the Echo dot performs well. I've got  Alexa controlling some lights - awesome!


  Very difficult to alwats phrase things the way alexa will interpret it..... But we have loved the ease if the radio, audible and used for timers in the kitchen


  Clicked on the option to have this pre set up according to my account, arrived in great time and all I literally had to do was plug in and all was ready.


  I need to spend more time reading up on what it can do.  Time I don't always have.  It's the only way.  I wish that this could have been explained better during initial set up.


  Not that easy to set up if you choose the wrong app ( of many ) from the App Store. But once you’ve done it it’s a great little piece of kit at a great price. Thinking of buying another for bedroom.


  Very helpful when integrated with lights and smart home kit. Was a bit of a struggle to set it up, took about 6 attempts to connect it but got there eventually.


  It’s all a bit new (and a bit frightening too!) right now but we will learn how to get the best from it- probably with the help of kids and grandkids!


  A neat little device which seems to perform well but the sound quality is not as good as I expected.


  My WIFE IS A CLASSICAL MUSIC FAN, AND IS VERY DISAPPOINTED THAT SHE CAN'T GET ALEXA TO PLAY SOME OF HER RATHER OBSCURE CLASSICAL FAVORITES, EVEN WHEN WE TRIALLED THE EXTRA AMAZON MUSIC SITE.  FOR ME, WITH A LESS REFINED TASTE, IT IS SUPER - ALL THE FAVOURITES OF MY YOUTH ARE THERE, JAZZ, ROCK, SKIFFLE, ETC WITHOUT HAVING TO DRAG OUT MT TIRED OLD LPs. EXCELLENT!


  I like that I can use it for more than I thought. Still not sure I am fully using its capabilities but I get lots of emails telling me what I can do. It was very easy to set up


  Only had this for a few days but having fun with it already. I’m finding new things out every day. It was easy to set up. The plug was easy to set up as well but I haven’t got it o work with the light bulb yet.


  I only use this to listen to the radio in bed and as an alarm clock otherwise i think its just another limited novelty.


  bought for me as a Christmas present, haven't got a smart meter so restricted to what i can do with it but happy with the music and weather forecasts.


  Wery pleasant voice, bought form my kid in his room have sometimes to repeat handfull times to alexa understand what you want from her. But that is not an issue.Goo stuff


  Any amazon delivery is always marred with the inability to leave it as requested in my preferred place - why bother asking? You can’t follow the instructions x


  Sometimes misunderstands instructions and responds with random answers. Good sound quality and useful when it does what you ask.


  This was bought as a gift and you don't realise how helpful it is until you use one. No more looking in drawers for CDs or the MP3 player that has no batteries. Just make a request. Shame it's not a genie with three wishes.


  Excellent piece of technology. I use mostly for playing music and as a reminder. It does not always know the answers to questions but overall is as advertised the sound quality is very good.


  Great little device, amazing sound quality altho it doesn’t get super load ,Alexa integration is amazing.It’s a shame it has to always be plugged in.Well unless making a separate purchase for a wireless charging pack


  Over all great item, some times Alex doesn’t work. No response etc..


  My son bought me my echo dot 2 for Christmas it’s marvellous on Spotify but having problems setting to Amazon musicCan anyone help me to do this please


  All good apart from sometimes WiFi connection Issues can cause Alexa to stop working. Not a fault of The Echo itself but it is dependent on good WiFi in every room you set it up


  I use the Alexa for playing music and setting timers. Sometimes Alexa can struggle to understand people taking. Sound quality is good though.


  I’m not really sure what to say, Alexa and I hit it off immediately and we’re now inseparable, she understands me and is understanding of my complicated needs. I’ve never been so happy


  I also have the firestick with alexa remote. On the instructions for the echo it says it will automatically connect to firestick so you can control the tv by asking the echo. This doesn't recognise my firestick. The main reason I got the echo was to turn the tv on and off and change stations instead of using the remote. Very disappointed


  First Alexa purchased but very easy to set up.Had slight problems with recognising what I wanted to listen to but just needs practice.


  I thought i was buying the one with a clock. But still a good thing around the house. for music or radio.


  Got it as a present for Christmas and love it!! The only thing I’d say is that for music, the sound quality is better on the larger Echos (my brother has one so I have been able to use both).Overall, a brilliant present and so far have had a lot of use out of it!


  After a couple of months, I am still surprised by how loud and good is the sound coming out of such a small device.4 stars only because I really miss not having information about places and transportation (google assistant is amazing with that)


  Excellent. You obviously need an amazon account and Amazon prime to make the most of it.You can then get additions added around the home to maximise it like heating and lighting.


  It’s compact, pretty easy to set up. Reacts quickly to “Alexa” when spoken to. Sound quality is good. I stream music to listen to in bed. Nifty little tool. Recommended.


  Love it but setting up was a nightmare it just wouldn't connect to my Wi-Fi (bt) looking online it does look as tho there are a lot of people with bt who can't connect. Anyway after several attempts I contacted Amazon who gave me advice that actually worked so I am now a happy customer sat here listening to a playlist


  This was an add on to existing devices already operating. Good sound and working well, only problem is Alexa has great difficulty in recognising my husbands strong Belfast accent.


  Happy with this purchase! Very decent sounding smart speaker. It’s got a lot more bass than I was expecting from such a small speaker. Would recommend to anyone who’s looking to get into the smart home world. This smart speaker is a great place to start!


  Great improvements from the 2nd gen but very bassy which affects the sound quality so i prefer the 2nd gen for playing general music but the 3rd gen is obviously better for bass songs


  located in kid room for playing night time sleeping music. Even on volume 1, it is still a bit too loud . comparing with 2rd Gen, the sound quality is much better. but just being a bit too loud.


  Love thebease of use and simple set up. Kids love it too!However, after playing music for a few hours on our 2nd day having it, the speaker isnt coping well and is distorted, Alexa sounds like she has a lisp and music quality is poor due to sound issues.Fun 'skills' though and we have enjoyed playing with them.


  Great size and design with reasonable sound quality and good voice recognition. Doesnt seamlessly integrate with existing devices hence a lower overall rating.


  Love the Alexa echo dots they are a brilliant little addition. Can control smart items all around the home. This one was purchased for a music player in my garage.


  Disappointed with volume ok sound up to volume 8 then gets a bit distorted also if playing music alexia struggles to hear commandsWish I had bought the larger tower model 


  Some questions I have asked got I don't know that and it is annoying but when she is on form she is ok.  Got a lot to learn as yet (me that is) I keep forgetting correct format.  Hope she learns from me lol


  Very pleased with purchase of the Echo Dot, it's small and unobtrusive, yet the sound is amazing. I like that I can listen to my favourite artists and shuffle all their songs through Amazon music. It controls my Hive central heating, it switches on my lamps in the lounge. I can even play games with it, its uses are unbelievable.


  Fantastic sound. I probably don't use it to it's full potential but it's great for playing music/radio, alarms and notifications.4 stars as sometimes I have to repeat the wake up command...


  This 3rd gen dot was a good buy with a sound quality that is mile's better than the first generation dot. It is clear with a good bass and goes reasonably loud, as good as the 2nd gen larger version echo. It also has an headphone/aux out which can be useful.


  really good for listening to music and alarms. i especially love being able to make a routine so you can have something happen after you turn an alarm off. sometime it gets a little messed up though when using spotify with it. about twice i’ve had to reset my alexa because it wound connect to spotify all of a sudden but apart from that it work really well and i would recommend.


  After a faulty start with the echo not understanding my prime unlimited music account. We got there in the end. Honestly. I wouldn’t be without either of my echo dots! The sound is so much better out of the new one than the previous generation, the redesign was definitely worth it.


  Previously had an apple homepod.  Voice recognition on this is fantastic.  Next time I would go for the echo rather than the dot as sound quality is better.  Only criticism is that support for multi room and linking needs to be much clearer and simply explained. Nit seems you cant have linking and multi room working together but can I have 3 on multi room with a 4th linked tonthe main one of the 3? Thanks. Lisa


  As with most other users of this product, the voice recognition element is very hit and miss and when you know that there for example is a radio station that you mostly listen to and you know is available at that moment in time because it is playing on DAB, but you then 'Ask Alexa' to play it on my Sonos speaker but it says it's unavailable then it does frustrate the hell out of you.


  We bought three of these for various rooms to assist in partial home automation and to make life easier, especially for an elderly relative.


  It was a present from my daughter, hence I am still getting used to it. I must say it is interesting the things you can ask Alexa. We will see as time goes by!


  This is the second dot I have purchased and I have it In the bedroom. Excellent for listening to audio books and combined with a smart plug. Sometimes it is like the advert for Jackpot joy!


  Tricky to set up with some items and voice recognition can be a little off but generally works well.  Connected up to spotify and sonos after a bit of fiddling


  Great little bit of tech, best if you have other Alexas.Sound quality is great even at higher volumes, voice recognition does have a few struggles, but very few and far between.Distance at which voice can be recognised is quite a lot, surprised me sometimes.Love the look and seems to have become a fun addition to the room it is in. Always using it for facts, questions, and games.


  Love my Alexa’s (have 5 round the house) but they can be a bit temperamental with staying connected in music groups hence 4 instead of 5 stars. Using the lightbulbs with Alexa is brilliant.


  I don,t like the music on my 2nd. & 3rd . Echo dot,the songs are not by the original artists.My first echo dot with amazon music is fine - real artists.


  Bought 2 and the second proved more difficult to set up. The support team were great though and both are working fine now. One upstairs and one downstairs.


  Ordered this for the bedroom as have one in my living room. Great for listening to the radio or songs.


  Love the Dot now finally set up but practically impossible to set up without assistance from Amazon lady Sunny who spent 3/4 hrs on the phone with me as we tried about 19 different ways to set it up


  Great for kitchen which we use it for.. annoyed i can’t seem to link it to my Sonos beam and other speakers to have multi room but that could be me.


  What i like is that i can actually get radio Devon on it. What i don't like is  , cant think of anything at the moment so very happy with it.


  Wanted to use this in our summerhouse and found it easy to set up and use with the wi-fi. Rather than shouting like a fishwife that dinner is ready. I can just ask Alexa to tell them. :-)


  Great for what it is but the fact that it needs to be plugged in all the time is a massive let down. I didn't read the description well enough so my fault for being over excited on Prime day! The idea that this isn't rechargeable just never entered my mind.Recommend for those who will only need it in one room, but if you want it to move around with you I recommend getting cordless one.


  Let's hope this lasts longer than my previous Echo which developed the 'blue ring of death' after less than 2 years & is now useless.Sound quality is excellent & powerful for such a small item. Recommended.... but let's see how long this one lasts!


  This is a great little Echo, and it works really well. That said, compared to my full size Echo 2nd gen. the sound quality is not as good. Other than that, it's well made and does what it's told to do without argument.


  Nice design which slots in nicely to a home environment. Good starting point for a smart home, although can sometimes take a couple of attempts to get Alexa’s attention!


  I payed around 30 pounds for the echo dot and for this reason I have given it a good rating as I believe the value for money is amazing.Only thing that really let's it down is the voice recognition, it never answers me or follows through on a command when using the activation call, I always have to press the button then give the command.Other than that it's a great bit of kit.


  Great once set up but took a while to get connected as not as easy as the previous Echo I had. Nice and loud and voice recognition is excellent


  Great Christmas present! Easy to set up, nice and dinky without losing sound quality. Have had lots of fun with Alexa, part of the family now 


  Works well. Doesn't always hear me if it's too far into the corner of the room, which is the only problem. Great if you have smart devices and Amazon Music or Spotify Premium.


  sound is ok but I am still trying to connect fire stick to it but its probably me instructions could be better.


  Prompt delivery, looks pretty in daughter’s (pink!) room, and is doing everything we wanted. Sound quality is fine for the size/price. Daughter happy!


  great product for something so small. Even got BBC radio stations unlike some others. just download BBC sounds and it's all there. Ask alexa to open bbc radio sounds and  then the station no.


  Might not be british accent friendly, but it works better than expected. Way better sound quality than expected for basically there basic model.


  Alex is a great product would highly recommend , if you would like Alex to play music you have to pay 3:99 a month for amazon music


  Its quite good but when connected to my fire stick it cancels out the volume control of the TV. Unable to control the sound which is very loud and puts you off watching anything.


  Was disappointed that my £3.99 Amazon music did not cover this one as well as my first one. As a pensioner I could not afford to up my subscription. The second one was a present to me for my bedroom, my first one was also a gift and I use it downstairs. Marvellous little machines.


  I'm glad I got my Echo Dot... it's good points far outweigh the bad. So far I am impressed. Infact there is only one bad thing to say... Alexa has quite bad selective hearing... worse than my children at times...so i have effectively added another household member that I have to repeat myself to be heard when speaking to... still glad I've got one though...


  Very nice and looks great kids is amazed with it and I can talk to the kids when I am in the lounge and they in their room.  Great idea .


  Very good equipment that allows controlling your smart appliances (to a certain degree). I spent several days figuring out how to use my Bose ST with Alexa as there is little support from both Amazon and Bose. You receive a lot of emails to teach ypu how and what to do with Alexa but I would have appreciate it a bit more guidance on the skills tab in the app.I’ll definitely get another one though.


  This product is great, it meets my neef and that of my  family everyone in the family from 2years to Dad enjoys the  Alexa interaction and services. She can eventually responses and everything you want her to do. You can never feel bored having this in your home, from music, talking, reminder, shopping, calling  name it etc.I recommend it to every home.


  A really compact home assistant with all the abilities of its bigger sister.  The speaker is good quality and it is easy to install.


  Product is good unless you have Bose soundtouch speakers.  Like many others have reported online, despite following all the instructions in the App, you just cannot get Alexa so play Spotify on your Bose speakers.  Big failing for me.  You would think Amazon could sort this out unless not really in there interest to do ?  Anyone achieved this ?


  The Echo dot 3rd gen is very good apart from is was difficult to figure out how to set up the app don't give you much as giving instructions on setting up took me nearly a hour to figure out, but once set up it's great, to say it's only a small device the sound is great, well pleased with it & ordered a 2nd device for my mum, now my daughter wants 1 for her bedroom.


  The big flaw in an otherwise very impressive device is the lack of integration with BBC apps. I am unable to listen to podcasts etc from the BBC.


  First dabble with voice recognition on a more elevated level, pleasantly surprised with the functions I hadn't thought of. Still a lot of exploring to do.


  Works fine, takes  little sorting out to connect various things to it  but overall am well pleased with it


  Initially I found it diffcult to connect Alexa to internet as I do not have internet on my mobile phone, and had to connect via my PC which I discovered was not wifi enabled, but on purchasing a wifi USB adapter which I inserted in my PC USB Port, I was then able to make my PC wifi enabled and was then able to connect OK.


  The echo dot is a great product, looks good with everything almost identical to the echo but speakers. Used with a powerful external speaker, it is all you need.But shorly an Amazon product is sold with Amazon prime?? Apparently not for this item. It took 1.5 weeks to deliver. Worth the wait tho.


  I like the fact it integrates well with my Fire stick so I can tell Alexa which shows to put on. What I don't like is that she is constantly recording what is being said insicated by the orange flashing colour.


  I found I was a bit self conscious, at first, talking to a little round thing, but the more I have used the echo dot the more I like it. I like the flash briefing because I get the news and sport instantly. The sound is great for talk radio but not so for music. Will need to hook it up to an external speaker. So overall.....very good!


  Use it more than I thought I would. Love the portability music anywhere. Shopping list fab reminder


  It’s a useful piece of software but I feel with having to buy the amazon music etc is a little too much. You use your WiFi and you pay for this so why make something that you have to always purchase extras this puts people off. I did however buy this product to listen to my local radio stations which I have been Advised is free so therefore it does the job I need.


  It's not the best gadget, not as smart as i expected, and the voice recognition is annoying at times because it either doesn't hear you, or it hears you badly and then just assumes what you tried to say. This is annoying when you play games like trivia.


  I got it as a present for my mom as I thought it be easier for her and quicker then using YouTube on her phone or kindle.  And it sure is easier and quicker and not bad sound quality on how big the actual product is.My only negative point on it is initial set up can be tricky connecting it online and to your device (mobile phone etc),But overall worth every penny.


  Like any amazon dot the sound quality is great but we don’t like the new voice Alexa has - she speaks more American and when you ask her why her voice has changed , she says she is getting smarter - not smarter- as  she finds it difficult to understand my Scottish accent, is it just us that seems to have a argument with her , when she cannot find the song you want under amazon music  but can when using Spotify music


  Excellent except tone, which lacks clarity, is a little disappointing notwithstanding size.


  The product is fine but Alexa is a bit annoying when 'she' can't find or suggest stuff ..... she can't even suggest a "comedy Podcast" to play. It's not a good way of introducing yourself to new music either really.


  Small and discreet. Doesn't understand everything. Playing games Alexa doesn't get everything right. Few problems with what i say. But apart from that every else is OK.


  A useful product, trying to integrate with lighting and door bell. However commands are not always understood. Like turn off radio. You have to be very precise.


  I have only had this alexa 5 months and last night it turned red and started making a screaming loud noise I thought it was going to blow up I unplugged it and daren't plug it back in


  Still exploring what I can do with the Echo Dot and had some issues with our Scottish accents but I think as I find more uses it will prove to be good value for money.I was lucky enough to chance upon a deal that effectively gave me the fire stick for free as it was the fire stick I had been looking for so that certainly helped.


  Easy to setup and usage although the speaker still lacks a little oomph at times. Be better if it could be setup to easily play your own music and audiobooks rather than just those purchased through Amazon and Audible however.


  This was received as a Christmas present Dec 19. Great to listen to music either radio or particular favourite songs or various genres. Sounds really good too. very happy! Easy to set up and use.


  Really handy gadget. Sometimes don’t get what you say. Or don’t know the answer to question. Great asking for songs to be played & traffic updates


  We bought a dot for the bedroom as we already have one in the kitchen. Really like it, very easy to use.Only niggle is we have Sonos speakers and Alexa cannot play the same music at the same time as the speakers.


  The music sound is amazing. But no matter what I do, setting the base, treble etc Alexa sounds like she is in a cave, hence the 4 stars review. You know what I'm talking about if you have a Google dot where the voice of the assistant is cristal clear.


  Excellent once you get used to saying the commands - Mine is linked to Spotify and my Hive central heating so I can change the temperature instantly with a command


  Great sound for a small device. Works well, integration with devices was east and enables lights to be turned on while your hands are full. Love the fact of the day each morning when you say good morning alexa.


  Very happy with it, but if you listen to music for a long period of time, the sound tends to significantly deteriorate and you have to turn it off and let it cool down.


  Useful at times, and fun.Not encouraged by all the 'always listening' warnings from others.Would be more useful, but entails subscription sign-up and costs.


  Wanted something to remind me of things and I found it in this great and so easy to set up.


  I love my echo dot and use it daily for many things including music, timers and reminders. It does have its issues sometimes when it doesn't understand you even when it's quiet! But I am happy with it overall. I wouldn't pay full price, I got it on an offer with Amazon music. I use it in my kitchen but want more for other rooms. I will wait for another half price offer though as I don't think it's worth full price.


  I find sometimes you have to raise your voice for the dot to acknowledge you. Also the number of times it has no answer to questions. Apart from that am loving the skills.


  I would be picky but the sound quality is not as good as my 1st generation Alexa pluse but acceptable other than that great at the price.


  Well we had one as a Christmas present got it in the kitchen bit of a gimmick really but ok I suppose. Wife would rather talk to a human being


  Sadly she does not always understand, also suddenly with asking her she says “sorry but I don’t know that one” but like the system especially coupled with Amazon music


  the echo dot is just right for the bedroom and sound quality is really good.if you don't know whether to buy the echo or echo dot id suggest echo for places like the living room or very largely spaced rooms and the echo dot is perfect for smaller areas like the bedroom


  We are a Welsh speaking family living in Wales and it is very frustrating that Alexa does not recognise Welsh name places, singers etc. It would be useful if we could say the names when creating a playlist so that ‘she’ would then recognise them.


  Alexa doesn’t always understand the question you ask, and if you ask for a specific song or album, you have to have the amazon prime which costs money, but Alexa is good if you ask it to do a shopping list, and reminders.


  Love the idea but I'm just not finding that many uses for it just yet.Quite often when i ask it a question it diverts location requests to London or other major cities for example "what is the weather in Snowdonia?" answer "London is cloudy today"


  I have three Echo Dots and three Echos. The 2nd and 3rs gen Echos sound a lot better than the dot. However for the money they are a great device. The dot is ideal for controlling devices around the house and requesting information and listening to music / radio at low volumes. If you want to use the dot mainly for music I would suggest spending a bit more for the echo speaker instead.


  I found it very difficult to get it to work. I thought as I already had one it would be easy. Anyway now it is working and I am happy with it.


  Fairly simple set up, no real problems. Took a couple of days to figure how to stop yellow flashing light, found Alexa less than helpful regarding this but all well now.


  HAndy bit of fun in these dark bleck times. I enjoy playing Pointless with Alexender and the Tall ugly 1.


  Use the dot for listening to music but needs external speakers to enjoy Hifi stereo sound. It's a good product but the voice detection was not as good as the original Echo with better multidirectional microphones.


  Just one problem you may be able to help us with. Elexa was given to us as a present 27.11.19 and we have grown quite fond of her. Every now and then she flashes continually for no reason, On several occasions I have unplugged her overnight and the next day she is OK for a while before she starts flashing again,, Any suggestions please


  When cooking or doing anything that take a while in the kitchen, I use Alexa to play my favourite music. The 'chores' don't seem so bad when I listen to what I like.


  it is really good for all general functions but I wish 3rd party apps can use their own music for notifications or change alarm sounds. other than that, definitely worth its cost but try and buy in sale


  Loved the music I requested: so far Alexa has played everything I requested, including really old numbers. Today I asked a question from a TV quiz show, but it didn't know the answer unfortunately.  Alexa has given us some great historic details, more than we expected.


  Easy to set up. Obtained specifically for Integration with Hive central heating thermostats. Works fine. Voice recognition of our YorKshire accents & phrasing is a bit hit and miss but improving.


  Doesn't always understand my voice. Needs to be fairly close to modem. Happy to recommend product though.


  Needed help to set up voice instructions  poor voice unclearNice, neat product very suitable for our purpose


  As with all new things, it is a craze at the beginning.  We find we don,t use it as much as we did.  It can be good funat first.


  echo dot Work better then google mini in voice recognition. easy integration with other.google have few good features then echo dot like calls.


  Very good device. Easy to add to my existing setup. Alex is good except for the fact I no longer seem able to flag songs I don't like and there seems no way to tell Alexa which genres of music not to play.


  Its OK, but dissapinting it is not more independent. Alexa will not give you a price for a Google Mini for example.... A little hit and miss with information requests, but a fun toy non the less.


  Very nice little speaker for basic music listening needs along with all you other Alexa stuff. I would recommend to others


  The echo Mini is a good extra speaker to have in my kitchen! The volume is pretty low but you can add another speaker  if you want to!


  This echo has a vastly improved speaker over the 2nd Gen Dot, the device feels like it's built better and looks better too. The only let down is the mic, which compared to the 2nd gen is notably worse.


  So happy to have been given this for a Christmas present. Really easy to use, it can understand you without having to speak more clearly. Only deducted a star as I didn’t expect it to need constantly plugging in (something for amazon to improve?)


  It’s a great gadget. Although sometimes the skills are not working. I always use ambient sounds when i go to bed to better fall asleep but often the skill won’t work or with just suddenly stop working.


  Love being able to ask Alexa absolutely anything. Sound quality is not the best but good enough.


  Still finding out it's features, handy for voice activated remote control of lights etc and good for reminders.Still learning.


  I do not have the Amazon Echo, so cannot say how the Echo Dot integrates with it.  However, it looks nice and neat and is useful for playing Amazon Music upstairs when getting ready for the day or night.


  Good 3rd generation echo dot!! If it had a built in battery or was sold with one; or there was a cheap speaker sold with it to engance sound, it would be perfect!!!!!!


  The sound is amazing, but I have to admit, I prefer the second generation. When I drop in to my other 2 second gen dots, the feedback you get from the ,3rd gen is awful. It works better from a distance.


  Episodes of ignoring but otherwise does what it states. Does not like being next to sky box so have had to move due to interference


  Alexa. Already had one. Only thing is I wanted to link to my original account. To use in another room to save disconnecting and carrying about. . I can't do it.


  Bought a second  one which can't seem to find the locate my wifi to set it up.  I've tried for days now. Had to return it for a refund. Shame


  Speakers good the sound is alright doesn't have much bass affect. Sound quality could be much better but for a cheap little speaker it does what it says. I have the 2nd gen echo speaker a nd the sound is much better.


  I love my Alexa. The voice recognition works the majority of the time sometimes she gets a bit funny but that could be down to me. My main reasoning for it being 4 stars and not 5 is the fact that I cannot ask Alexa to play my own playlists from Spotify, I have to do it manually. But other than that I would recommend getting an Alexa


  Number 4 dot, so bit odd to review decent price and speaker is miles better than gen1


  I have three Echo's... They just keep going on sale!Always wait for a sale never buy full price I don't think they're worth full price. (yes I know I have 3 but we shall gloss over that)


  It’s handy for playing music to relax. It’s supposed to integrate with our tv system but doesn’t work properly. It’s supposed to integrate with our home switching but only woorks part of it !


  `the only thing i dont like is....i dont now what to say to it dont know what it can do but,,,i quite like it need it to go to t.v,,lights,,,,


  One in our living room & one in our bathroom. They're great for radio stations (especially those only available on the net), general queries, reminders and messaging between the rooms.


  It looks smart and can be very informative when questions need to be answered quickly.Knows the answers to most things you ask her


  down loaded this unit before I saw the promotion code of £10.been trying  to resolve the issue-may as well be on mars.SO MAKE SURE THE CODE IS THERE ON OFFER FOR YOU


  Very easy to install and set up. Only disappointment is the sound quality when playing music. However, for the price this retails at, it is very good value for money.


  I don’t like the American accent on this Alexa and I’m concerned that workers in China arebeing exploited making this product.Apart from that it’s great.


  This dot initially had excellent sound quality compared to the v2 however over time it has badly deteriorated, perhaps it cant cope with the loud volume that the kids used, not the best amazon speaker


  Got it on a fabulous offer, wanted one a while. It's a shame they don't do the bulbs on offers as they end up being dearer that the device itself.


  The sound is great and blinds in nicely with all my echoes. Would have got 5 star but for the lack of knowledge that it has and the fact you have to add skills all the time.


  the echo dot is a very useful device to have. It has looks of features that I haven't attempted to use as yet such as creating a shopping list and giving you information on local amenities.


  Nifty little smart speaker which is great value when on deal!I hope that Alexa becomes as responsive as some competitors outside of commerce queries and basic alarm, call, etc, functions.


  I liked the ease of use once set up.I'm still learning about how best to use it.Asking Alexa to source a radio station - getting questions answered and the  to be reminded to carry out a tasks.


  Really good if it’s what you need.this was bought as a present and not really what we wanted. Had asked for a donation the Crisis.


  The sound quality is not  out and out stereo  probably more mono/stereo . It does not always respond to commands / your voice unless you speak  clearly . Glad I bought 1 as you can ditch the radio and use it for an  alarm but don't rely heavily on it unless you have super fast broadband .


  To be honest I cancelled this order however it still turned and was billed for it - nethertheless I actually like it and have decided to keep it. Works well, the kids love it.


  good communication, good sound quality, answers my questions , and is very polite


  Just getting used to some of the features but initial impression is very good.Linked it with our new Hive heating and electrical controls and can switch heating and lighting on via mobile phone - plus the playing of requested music tracks by voice control.Seems a very handy piece of kit at the moment, but will give it a couple of months, to explore more options, before making final judgment.


  For its size the Dot sounds very good for background music, our only gripe is it needs to get smarter and now more for instance (train times) would be good as Google can already give them.


  The sound quality is decent for at home; however the voice recognition sometimes has trouble especially if people are talking in the background. Very useful when connected to  other products such as smart lightbulbs as we can now control the lights from the comfort of the sofa.


  Big improvement on previous model but still alexa struggles with certain voices or regional dialects ....and still cannot understand Scottish people very well


  Simply cracking, although a little too easy to order by mistake / talking, also remember to check your privicy settings in the app if your paranoid like me (I work in IT security) and change the default wake word.


  Keeps losing connection to my hive which is annoying. Thought it was one with clock to but no clock. Doesn't always understand simple things


  Excellent for one off questions, weather, GDP...  Clear speaker for music. Brilliant for linking HIVE control for heating & hot water. Does not always answer correctly as misheard the question but maybe that's the humans fault!! Still learning...


  This is great, helps a lot just ask the question and plays any music l feel like


  Amazing product albeit the technical glitch we experienced Xmas day, due to the demand on the servers, was very frustrating!There’s no harm in upgrading the size of a server to manage more throughput when you expect an influx of use/sales, to avoid instances like this and dissatisfied customers or even purchasing one that has enough head room to cope with higher volumes!Hope this isn’t going to be a reoccurring Problem.


  Easy to connect and does a lot, has trouble understanding me sometimes so I often have to put on an american accent to get it to realise which song I'm asking for.


  Great starter but sounds distorts slightly if loud. If loud also i find i have to shout i think the echo would suit me better  my kid s have this


  Great sound. I still use my older dot too but it sounds tinny compared to the new one. It's very neat and more expensive looking than the 2nd generation dot. Does everything the same so I feel comfortable using it


  Great little gadget with excellent sound quality. Extremely versatile, i'm finding new uses for it every day. If I could get it to play audio books from Scribd it would be perfect!


  Great product. Purchased for my son he is love's it. I can talk to him in his room ie dinners ready / turn it down through the app as it's on my phone.


  Does what it says the only fault I find is that the sound quality isn't that good particularly at the lower end of the volume


  Still trying to understand what to use this for.  This was a gift and so I didn't read all about it in advance.  I am interested to learn more in time.


  Very easy to setup and use, lost a star because I hear too many times " mm, I don't know that one" Overall it is very good and it should be in every home, especially if you live on your own. It's ability to make calls, set reminders for medication, things to do and reading your books to you are fantastic.


  I have previously bought the echo and find the echo dot to be slower on picking up voice commands. However still great sound quality and helps with whatever commands I request.


  We accept that we are not very IT savvy but we had to call in an expert & even he had problems setting up 2 Echo speakers. Instructions with units are useless & had to download App which repeatedly led to us being asked to confirm & change passwords for both Apple & Amazon. Very, very frustrating. Did not expect this from Amazon.


  Good all round. The design is good and subtle..nicely blends in the background.However, can be a-bit tricky navigating the Alexa App. Would like to see all the enabled skills on the front page..so you can see what has been enabled...and make use of.  I have already forgotten half the things I have enabled..It’s a good start for me and ideally I would like to get  Amazon Spot next.


  this product works well with a subscription but it doesn't tell you that when you buy it saying that you can get radio stations for free which is good and you can subscribe for 1 echo with over 50million songs for 3.99 a month which is good and unless you are a proper music buff I don't think you could get through them all


  Easy to set up, nice design, good voice recognition and not bad sound at low levels, up the volume and its not great and for some reason my Spotify just won't play but overall a good 7/10 from me


  Yes it’s a good improvement over its version 2, in design and very notable in sound range and qualityThe only criticism is my first 3rd gen only lasted a week, but replaced promptly


  It's great fun to play around with and I use mine everyday for music, news and weather.I was most surprised by the sound quality, obviously it can't compete with decent speakers but it's very good for it's size and easily on par with any Bluetooth speaker less than £50 that I've heard.


  A nice little gift. Really like the small, discreet size. Voice recognition is pretty good. Sound quality wasn't great in the kitchen due to the moisture in the air.


  I like it because I can just speak without tapping into google, but also can have music without tuning it on my radio. Goodbye radio.


  I love my dot not had her long still learning used as timer- listen to music-found radio stations -put my lamp out at night


  It's pretty cool, Alexa doesn't always understand though. The future isn't quite now but it's getting there!


  Sound quality reasonable for such small speakers. Used mainly for playing music so far. Easy to set up. I'm pleased with the unit and might buy some more.


  Perfectly good enough, obviously it’s a small speaker so sound quality can only be so good; ideally a bit more bass would be nice. Occasionally, she makes some interesting interpretations of what we say but generally we’ve enjoyed having her!


  Very clever but you have to think carefully how you phrase your question. Not quite as good as online google but still an excellent device,


  Took several attempts over a couple of days to get it to connect to the WiFi plus the app kept crashing/loosing connection under setup but once it finally connected it has worked perfectly. Great sound from the size of the unit understands my voice perfectly


  bought this for my autistic grandson, he loved it thought it wise highly amusing when he asked how do you make a fart, very delightful and educational


  I did not realise that unless I paid extra every month I could not get music on it,I thought that because I had an Alexa downstairs paying for music in that itcwoukd be included not another £6 + every month.


  Compact, good sound for the price (although miffed that currently £20 less than I paid for it 3 weeks ago!). Generally happy with this, however it does loose connectivity a couple of times a week and has to be rebooted - not the fault of our Wifi as other devices are fine when this happens?


  Great device sometimes struggles with my 4year old but other than that great and at the correct reduced price ... shame not always at this price


  Although Amazon Prime would have given me more functions, I am satisfied that I can use Alexa with limited options. I  can't afford Prime!!


  Use this in the kitchen for music, reminders, timers, cooking info, shopping lists etc. A great companion to my upstairs Alexa!


  This was an xmas gift & I’m still learning. Some of the ratings refer to my lack of knowledge rather than the product abilities.


  For what you pay this is a great addition to the house. Remember it is only small so the sound is not hi-fi quality but very good for what they are. The idea of creating stereo with another dot is good. I also have the Philips hue bulbs which work really well together, took a little while to get use to asking for lights to come on but now it is odd to use a switch in other rooms.


  Probably me. But I had an issue with installing. Once sorted though love it.


  After some hiccups at the start (sorted out with amazon help) I like this new echo. The sound quality is better than the previous dot, and it works well.


  Excellent addition to a house of tech, one glaring error is the lack of a snooze button for the alarm.


  I have the large Alexa which is brilliant, this dot although good is not as responsive as the large version, sound quality amazing for such a small speaker


  Very handy for a bedroom or another small space. I use mine as an alarm / light control / intercom and occasional music and audiobook player in the bedroom. The Alexa assistant itself isn't perfect but that isn't down to the speaker. I like the smart home automation but the command system needs work.


  Great value at the half price rate. Works well and recognised most requests from the start. Sound not that great and could be clearer.


  Love that you don’t have to change radio stations manually & can get the weather anywhere so quickly. Brilliant. Nice neat size too.


  Not a bad little gadget for the house. I love you can ask it to play music but sometimes you have to repeat your command several times which can be annoying.


  I'm a pretty big Google fan but these are genuinely better, just more responsive and better integrated. Really handy as an additional hands free Xbox remote.


  Well overall Alexa is amazing ! However I didn’t know you have to either buy amazon music which is £3 a month or find you’re own way of getting music into Alexa. As well the volume is not as high as I thought it would be ! But generally all around good purchase Well chuffed :)


  It does what it says. We bought it for the kitchen as the oven timer is too quiet and we needed a radio for the do. It’s cool that it links to amazon prime music, this mean you just tell it what you want to listen to . Only issue is that if there’s a disruption and the internet goes down, it doesn’t continue playing the radio. Our dog is abit of a wuss so the radio cutting out isnt ideal


  At times alexa won’t play your music and you will have to reset it which takes around 5-10 mins apart from that it is a perfect speaker.


  Find this item useful to put music on from prime which I am a member but disappointed that I can not play the music I have on Itunes which I have bought over the years.


  Worry about being listed to by ‘Big Brother’ but its very handy and now I am speaking to my radio upstairs expecting it to play!


  Controls lights, plays good music without the senseless prattle of some DJs.  A timer for cooking and a shopping list compiler.


  Great product purchased in Sale, only let down by very deep bass tones that you can’t adjust anymore, unlike the previous models.


  I like the access and function of the Echo Dot...seemingly the Scottish accent is hard for Alexa to understand at times though.


  looks good, sounds good. Goes well with the other devices, nice when all three are playing the same co-ordinated music. Plays throughout the entire house.


  although the dot works well as it should i was a little dissappointed wifh the sound quality as it is difficult to get used too after using my echo which is awesome. still a very good product but was expecting more from the sound quality


  A lot better than my first gen dot. Both in quality and feel. Still need to repeat myself a lot as it doesn’t pick up on Alexa wake word more often than I would expect and I have a neutral English accent. I got for 22 quid on prime day. I don’t think it’s worth paying full price but that’s my opinion and you only have to wait a week for some deal to be on.


  Quite easy to set up.Need the app and have to learn to add things as very little is already programmed in.Doesn’t always recognise what you want and you have to learn the correct way to ask.However, for the price, brilliant. Radio, drop in, news, local rail and roads etc. Have asked some general knowledge and response is immediate. Not tried music yet other than radio.


  It is very handy for switching lights on before we get home and playing the music we like. Waiting for another two to arrive


  It's good for weather and news updates and for playing music. Not very good on general knowledge though. I was told that Henry VIII's daughter was called Jessica! Don't expect too much from this.


  I bought two units for £24.99 each to try the stereo sound before letting kids have one each in bedrooms. Excellent sound for a modest cost. When you play radio it will only use a single speaker. I hope this is something that Amazon can try and adapt in Software of the unit. An excellent item.


  This is OK not really used it a great deal, plays music like its meant too, ok for the price we paid.


  I like how easy it is to play any music and answer questions.It does not always recognise my voice..But overall I am pleased with it .


  We have a Gen 2 echo, 3 Gen 2 dots and now this. The sound is comparable to the gen 2 echo and much richer than the previous dots. It is bigger but not obtrusive. My only gripe is the ditching of the USB power in favour of a round plug as I have to get a 3 pin socket doubler rather than using the multi USB power adapter I already had.


  you can only change it's name to 1 of 4 options. told me the MotoGP season had started, MotoGP season had finished?


  I received this product as a Christmas present and must say I've hardly used it.  I wonder if it is going to turn out to be a one month 'wonder' and I'll be bored with it after that.  It seems to work well but can I be bothered with it? Only time will tell


  I cannot connect to my smart tv, not sure if it's something I'm doing wrong but they won't recognise each other. Apart from that it is brilliant fun for the whole family,  easy to set up.


  Great little device as a third for my main Alexa plus (2nd dot). I only use this device in my kitchen. Sound quality not as good as my Alexa plus but does what I wanted it to do.


  Bought an Alexa Plus for the lounge and the dot for the bedroom. the dot has an American accent which is a bit annoying. both work well. sound on the Plus is very good.


  i was looking for a dab radio for the bedroom a friend suggested dot to cover all my requirements i am very pleased with the outcome great buy would recommend


  It’s good at completing simple tasks such as turning on the lights etc but for questions and some other tasks I personally prefer Google Home. However, I do find Alexa more enjoyable to use so I currently have both speakers plugged in, using each one for specific tasks and questions etc. Also I do think it is pretty decent considering the low price.


  Great little product, loved by me and the children who love asking questions and for music. Unfortunately it keeps dropping WiFi and having to set it up repeatedly is a pain but overall we love it


  The sound quality is good but the choice of music is limited on the basic Amazon  music package. There is also the occasional problem where it doesn't connect you to the right radio station.


  It took 5 goes on my phones alexa app to have her actually change language to english UK, and now shes gone to sleep... her american accent was driving me nuts.


  With Alexa it’s a love hate relationship really . She works most of the time playing my Apple Music and controlling my lights . But sometimes she can be a real pain and disconnect . But this is only sometimes and maybe it’s just my connection . I do recommend Alexa , the music quality is amazing and it’s for a very great price


  It's still new to me,but fun finding out what it can do. Setting Alexa to receive the internet/wifi took a while, but managed it myself. I


  Easy to set up and very clear sound.  Disappointed that BBC Radio not allowing this system to access it's various channels.


  Usually alright, but randomly comes on and shouts random stuff so we shut it off. No longer bothers to answer most questions like "why is communism evil" or "how do you make a nuclear bomb".


  This is my second Echo Dot that I have installed at home. They are now integrated and Alexa is doing a fine job at keeping us entertained. Thank you Amazon.


  most impressed, took me a while to get it set up bit confusing at times, but that could be just me, works well and recognizes my voice now, looking forward to using it as I and the machine get better.


  received as a xmas pressie! amazed at what it can do. yet to realised it's full potential. time will tell!


  this was brought for us as a christmas present my daughter-in-law said it would be usefuli will reserve my judgement


  I like this but it's not very loud tbh I wouldn't buy another one because of this so I gave it to my daughter for her room she likes it but said the same


  Liked how quick it arrived, well packaged and easy to set up.For the money it's a no brainier!


  This product is amazing I love the fact that I can play music without having to touch my phone and also get all the latest updates of the news and weather . only one thing that disappointing is that it's not portable but I purchased a product to make it portable called the ggmm d3 :)


  Perfect addition to any modern household. Misunderstands sometimes so not without flaw, but still an incredible product.


  Installing wasn't that simple but once up and running, really pleased. Shame you are limited to music without subscribing monthly, but may consider it. Worth the buy. Will gem up to utilise the benefits


  We like our setup it works well for us .especially as a reminder .We are both elderly and appreciate being reminded especially tablets.


  Love this product recieved an echo and an echo dot for christmas myself, this one was bought for my neighbour as a pressie, currently synced to mine as would not connect to her internet. Will attempt to rectify tomorrow, as is mixing our very different music taste.


  Brilliant machine or so I thought!Volume great and plenty loud enough but voice recognition fairly average even after going into settings many times.


  Alexa does not always do as asked with radio choices and adds her own idea! On the whole I like the product, but am having trouble with the battery pack I bought to go with it, think it might be faulty


  Good product, sound very good for the size. The only problem that we had was trying to set it up with our main Alexa unit, very difficult to play on the every where system. Had to delet several other settings, Alexa was not that helpful on this issue.


  A lot to learn with this try to control smart tv  does not workHave to go to you tube for more instructionThe instructions came with this printing need  telescope on full zoom to read


  Easy to set up. However sound quality is not all that good; could do with more treble balance as it sounds a little muffled.


  The potential is there, just finding it complicated to find out what it can do for me....for example I want it to tell me what my commute by bus and then train is going to be like...all it tells me is what the roads are like


  This version is so much better then the last, sound quality and volume is miles better and I find I don’t need to use a Bluetooth speaker anymore. I even got my parents one and using old one in my kids bedroom.


  Everything is fine but getting to play some music I like is proving a little bit difficult


  A useful tool and was easy to set up. It sometimes does not recognise the wake up call or misinterprets instructions.


  Due to being disabled it is very useful that Alex's can open Spotify & audio books.Also find it very useful for finding stuff out what the weather forecast.


  There was a problem with my Alexa and I was told to ‘go to my app’ to report it, but where? Turning it off and on again and it worked but I needed a more obvious direction.


  Can ask many questions ask it to do  many things I find it really useful recipes , music weather footy scores history date , phone calls . Only had it as an Xmas present love it


  This product is very handy. I use it for playing music and controlling my LED lights. While she generally understands everything I say, you need a good stable internet connection. Living in the country with a poor connection myself it’s quite frustrating that the music stops and starts. However this is not the products fault. Speaker is great quality and perfect for dancing around your room


  Could do with this on holiday in caravan do you do one for away from wifi


  My first Alexa driven product and overall very impressedUse it in the bedroom for daily alarmAlso move it around the house and stream Spotify and listen to radio stationsSound quality for the size and compactness is very impressive and fills the room with sound


  For a small interactive speaker it's great.The biggest downfall is it's inability to connect with my Echo Shows and my Echo to create a larger group.


  On arrival thought this was brilliant as the sound quality is great for such a small object! Good for games and quizzes too but then had some issues with sound etc if there was a dip in internet strength although we are on fibre


  Good for music films ect but i tryed to connect my blink camera system and not all funshions are availble that are via the app on my samsung phone but all in all a good product


  Great looking speaker and connects well to.the main Alexa, only loses a stars really because the volume and sound is not the best.


  Bought as Christmas presents for kids to stream music to their rooms - works well enough and picked them up in reduction


  When playing music  Alexa cuts off after 1/2hour saying no interaction


  Great little speaker! Bought for 12 year old at Christmas but whole family enjoy interacting with Alexa. Can be bit glitchy and its a pain to have to set up again but it doesn't happen often. Hoping to acquire more speakers soon.


  Very pleased would be 5 stars if not complicated for myself, I bought this item so as we could set it for a speaker from my smart tv. I have managed to connect bluetooth to all my bluetooth items but it does not want to work with my tv. Very good on all other things.


  Tried to set up at the same time as partner , it will only allow one at a time, also a bit of a ripoff with having to buy music for all 3 of my devices. ☹️


  l was given one as part of a very generous gift for Xmas by my daughter excellent kit,have since purchase additional one.


  Like - Easy to set up and connect to home wifi.Dislike - Have too use Bluetooth to connect to an internet compatible speaker system


  I found that the instructions very poor that came with it, and  were very  poor and needed further instruction on how to install.


  I am committed to the Amazon Echo as this is my 4th unit in the house. They are situated around he house. It doesn't always understand me and is quite stupid some times


  When music is played the sound is great.....it's sometimes don't pick up local radios you want and when you ask Alexa something you need to sometimes ask twice.....but enjoy having a routine when I start my day....❤️


  All in all a great little device, comes in very handy although she can drive you nuts as she doesn't always understand what you say so then goes on about something completely different to what you've asked! Looks great and is fab for sticking on music as the sound quality is quite impressive!


  Plays my Spotify playlists and does everything it's supposed to. Very impressed.


  A bit fiddly to set up but worth the effort Only four stars because there is too mush low frakwensy soon for me. It booms Not adjustable for tone only for the volume of sound.Pleased with it.  My second one.


  We personally keep ours in the kitchen as a glorified shopping list... Sound quality is pretty good too


  Very impressed but lacks in accuracy of knowledge due to it using Wikipedia. Excellent for smart device integration and plenty of choice.


  This is a great device especially at the reduced price. Having a few issues getting it to find Apple Music in my library but rest seems ok.Just took a while to work out all the setting up.


  Kids love them. Only negative is they often have an on stand-by light one.Kids particularly taken with the fact they can call each other on them.


  I like it to tell me the weather and play music. I enjoy trying out new things on it. I’m still learning about it.


  i like having someone to talk to now makes a change from the hubby.


  I have home full of these things with lots of smart tech to make my life easier. I would recommend. However my top tip would be to wait till they are on offer. They are not worth £50 and frequently go on promotion.


  Very good, but can be a pain to get everything setup and not cheap to buy the automated stuff that make it worth having. But it’s not bad at all once you get a few things and get the hang of the voice controls


  It seems to be less responsive than the 2nd gen, I often have to shout at it to get it to wake up. I changed the wake word to Echo, whilst the 2nd gen I have in the kitchen is still Alexa because the kitchen one would pick it up more easily than the one in the living room. Overall still good, but I would go for a 2nd gen.


  I like that i can ask Alexa to play music, create folders and some different skills as how to say some words in another language.I find the speaker quality not as clear and crisp as I have expected it to be.  Amazon music unlimited does not appear to have all the music i had on google music


  Great fun but this is my second echo dot and sometimes the sound gets all fuzzy on the S's. It can come and go without restarting the device but it can be a problem while listening to all the hits. Also I have a bit of an accent so speaking to Alexa can be challenging.


  Sometimes Alexa mishears my instruction which is annoying , especially when it happens repeatedly.I find her greetings etc a nice touch . I've loved the meditation and the news and weather updates are very useful .


  Great sound for a little speaker, Alexa doesn't understand my Scottish accent but then again neither does anybody else.


  This is our third echo, this ones for the holiday home (caravan). Radio reception is rubbish.So we get great quality sound with this baby.


  Wouldn't play Audible but seemed to fix itself, thankfully! Very happy now!


  Its like having google next to you , just ask the question and the answer is instant


  Got this having had Hive installed from British Gas.  I can use it for that and also for usic from Amazon Music, also radio and just asking for questions to be answered. Does more like switching on lights, security cameras etc.


  Life is too short to write an in-depth review of the Echo Dot (3rd Gen) Smart speaker. Look on YT; find what you need to know, come back and purchase one.Simple...!


  It's used as an extension to my Alexa (der!) and does just that. It has as good sound quality and volume as you could expect from something this small and unobtrusive. I would recommend it.


  Overall happy with this purchase for the price. Nice small streamlined design. Sometimes Alexa doesn’t understand what i am saying when i ask for items to be added on my to do list or when setting reminders but i think it just takes time


  Love it ... wouldn’t be without it now . Really handy all round from news , weather, time, playing all types of music .. the list goes on


  Great product at a good price. Lots of fun things and ideal for playing amazon music. Also useful for knowing the weather or asking Alexa questions.


  Great little tool but not as good as I was hoping. You need to give Alexa detailed instructions for her to respond and do what you want. I also don’t find the app very user friendly and I little confusing. Will take a little getting use to.


  I use this one to ask it the time during the night and to set an alarm call.


  NO PROBLEMS UNTIL IT SPOKE WITHOUT REQUEST AND THEN PROCEEDED TO SAY SOMETHING INAPPROPRIATE A LITTLE CONCERNING


  I wrongly assumed that as an Amazon Prime member I could listen to any music that I wanted using the Echo Dot but that is apparently not the case. I will now need to add "unlimited music" at an additional cost so only a grudging 4 stars from me.


  Had this for 3 hours and still in the excitement phase! Once I got the app on my phone it was so easy to set up, I bought 2 and glad I did. At £40 for two! I got me a bargain.The voice recognition is great not had many mistakes, it handles my geordie brogue well.The sound quality is good and the volume max suits me (loud but not too loud).Overall very pleased so far.


  Very fun product. Sound quality could be better as I think it does suffer from interference from other devices but only sometimes. It's definitely worth the money. It can do more than I ask of it but I'm not that tech savvy so I'll probably not use it to its full potential. Still a good buy especially on offer plus I was already subscribed to prime which I think I needed for music.


  I’m getting used to Alexa now, at first I didn’t really understand all the features. I use her for radio and all different kinds of music. She can even select my music for me if I ask her to play more of the same then I can interrupt her and ask the name of a particular piece.


  Great echo dot and is much louder than the previous generations had an issue connecting it to the internet which took a while doing reserarch and messing with my router to fix


  Quite good for radio. But need to get amazon prime for lots of music. Wasn’t good at doing stuff to start with had to shout. Moved it an seems better xx


  Like the product  -it connects well with other Amazon products I already use. It's a nice gadget but life-changing? No. Could I live without it? Yes.


  Excellent gadget to have around the house. Using it to slowly turn my house into a smart one by controlling lights, switches, and my robot vacuum cleaner. The voice recognition is as good as any other software and the sound quality is good for such a small speaker - it beats my DAB radio in that department but is still a way off my Z623 speakers.


  Audio really surprised me, it's very good for such a small device.Loads of different functions and skills that you can easily upload on the app.The only annoying thing is that sometimes doesn't pick up the words properly.Overall it is a very good item for the price.


  Great for getting an answer to that niggling question or to settle a discussion and best of all ajust heating and turn lights on and off.


  This is a neat device.  My only complaint is that it took 2 hours to set up even though I already had an Amazon Echo which I got as a gift a couple of months ago (that one took me even longer to set up).


  Overall pretty happy. Setting up is confusing, between what is Amazon music and the Alex a system. It all works fine, the confusion could be sorted out better,


  Bought for linking to audible and kids bed time stories. Daughter uses it for music as well and also making fart noises! who knew Alexa had such a vocabulary for farts??


  As an Alexa enabled speaker it’s great. The sound quality is actually pretty decent for a speaker that small and especially that cheap.


  Hoped for a bit more in the sound! There’s some small speakers now that surprise you with the power but this is maybe 7-8/10


  These arrived today....all 4... Love the colours.. But quite disappointed with the way they arrived all shoved in one bag and very creased... Un impressed to say the very least


  It's a great addition asked to remin, every day to remind to take meds, she dose a d time I've  said, great for asking questions need quick answer to, she has mindful of subjects, songs from all years, helps to sleep with soft music etc,


  Bought to use with larger version which has not arrived yet but this works really well. Still experimenting with it.


  A much better packaged echo than oringinal looking smart and small


  Wow, sound quality is so much better than gen2. Although much chunkier and doesn't use a USB cable which is a shame as I have USB sockets in the walls and this takes a normal transformer plug.


  This was bought by my daughter for a Christmas gift so that I can contact her in an emergency if I cannot get to a 'phone. Works brilliantly.


  I got this to have in my bedroom I already have a echo downstairs. Up to now I have never been able to get Radio 2 on the echo dot and I have not been able to pair it with my Jam Storm speaker but my echo does pair.


  Alexa is not as smart as 'OK Google', but music streaming with Prime makes up for it.Wasn't terribly easy to setup - had to reset it a couple of times...


  Set up is just so stupid all the steps had to change and go back after a day of setting up finally got it working and it works amazing


  Still unsure why Amazon sent me two (for which I paid).  One of these days I'll get round to using the many functions.  Has a habit of switching itself on occasionally for no apparent reason


  Simply brilliant. Never thought this would make life so simple & super fantastic.


  This devise is very easy to use and makes things very convenient. The amazon echo 3rd gen has brilliant sound when considering it’s size. I really recommend this product. Some apps within the Alexa app could do with improvements however, most apps are simple and easy to use. I often ask puzzled for the word of the day


  Design is better than the original echo dot. Sound quality is not as good.


  I am still getting to know what the Dot can do, and not do, the sound quality is excellent for such a small device. Very happy so far


  Pretty good sound, ideal for bedroom. I must resist "Alexa set cackling laugh for 3am" maybe my daughter would not be amused. Bought for £35, ridiculous bargain that ties me into Amazon ecosystem for the next 14 years


  I love this echo dot as it is so easy to use and “ does what it says on the packet”


  First time buyer of this type of device it actually does more than I expected, I bought it at sale price good value for money


  Mainly used to play music, but seems to have loads of other possibilities to explore.Need to be quite careful with how you word your instructions, but that's probably just user inexperience.Overall, I'm very pleased with my echo dot.


  Impressed with the sound quality. Easy to use - for radio, playlists, finding out the weather and more. Value for money


  I love using my Alexa for everything I’ve had it for 3 months now and I love it, however, hate the fact that my Apple Music stops working everything month and I need to contact support to help me because they need to reset it all the time!! This need to be sorted out!! It’s so annoying!!


  As good as my other Alexa (generation 2) but disappointed that this will not work with my other Alexa in the stereo function


  This was a second device to enable a severely handicapped person make emergency phone calls from his bed.Every thing went fine with connection and integration but was spoiled by Amazon taking an extra monthly payment of £7.99. It looks as if this is for Prime which is neither needed or requested.I have e-mailed Amazon and are awaiting a reply.


  Will cost to add extras, good to listen to all the oldies music.


  The kids love it. Though it does cause many arguments between them- as Alexa responds to both children’s requests at the same time.I wish there was a way of saying “Alexa. Ignore anyone else’s voice except mine”.Great fun though


  Better than the big 3rd generation at least this one stays lit up for longer and you can talk to it little bit easier


  Its well made solid and robust, unfortunately the voice reconciliation could be better!!!


  A great product, I still have a lot to learn about the many functions but so far has been great for Spotify, radio and audible. Sound quality could be better which is why 4 stars not 5.


  Currently using speaker to listen to Christmas Radio stations. Good audio quality, having a few issues getting Deezer connected to the device but that could be partially password issues. Other than that a great piece of equipment.My only disappointment was the way it was delivered, as my account said it was handed to resident, however it was left, in the rain, behind my refuse bins.


  Nice little product but l was a bit disappointed with the sound quality. Despite having set the treble at it's highest and bass at it's lowest it still sounds a bit muffled . But l suppose it is a bit small to have a brilliant speaker


  I purchased the dot for my bedroom with is great to use for an alarm and music etc.Speaker isn’t as good as the echo


  Does not give UK share prices. stock market inspiration comes from CNBC, and no real UK prices only US information.


  This was bought as a gift. I probably don’t use it to it’s best ability but I do think it’s a great addition.


  Playing background music.Reminder alarms.Shopping list reminders.Worked well with all 3 uses.


  The device is so much better than the other 2 generations in terms of connection to the internet BUT they should have them with small battery so you can unplug and take to other locations to plug in..... having an Alexa in every room is ok but if you are listing to an audiobook you have to stop and restart in another room


  Whilst took a while to set up.. Seems OK.. But now asking to set up again.. So see how long it works this time.


  It is very compact, neat and tidy so sits discreetly almost out of sight. The sound quality is very acceptable and so far has only been used for background music. I am very pleased with the Echo dot 3G.


  Alexa doesn’t always respond first time and to much background noise you may aswell talk to the wall otherwise great


  Easily upset then goes off in a sulk, doesn't like me listening to radio 2! Quite often selects other listening for me when asked for specific music/radio stations.


  Apart fromAlexa never recognising my voice - I love it x much better quality than the first generation x love the drop in features no more shouting from room to room


  There is far too much bass in the sound. If one is hard of hearing it is very difficult to understand what Alexa is saying sometimes


  Primarily bought as a Bluetooth speaker for a bedroom - excellent quality sound for such a little unit.


  Barely understands me in a morning which is actually really good as it means I can't turn it off easily.


  Use this mainly as a radio function but find dot does not pick up your voice too well. I try to get Free radio Coventry but this takes about 10 mins to finally understand my instruction. Same problem when now and again I try and play Amazon music, it just cannot pick up Argus by Wishbone ash. When it does understand you to be fair the dot is very good.


  Very satisfied overall but a bit concerned with all it is able to do without limiting its capabilities.It put coffee in my amazon basket unbeknown to me.I believe that this function can be controlled but I do not know how as yet.


  Does what it saysI have this in the bedroom and connected to a blue tooth speaker in the shower


  We love our Alexa, I bought it as a Christmas present for my partner but gave in and he had it early. It’s been amazing for our littleGirl with the message from Santa.Would 100% recommend !


  It’s okay. It was a Christmas gift.  I don’t use it much I’m not sure of it.  Even though I’m a Prime customer it seems I will be having to pay extra for some music.


  Excellent. Sits by the bed and means you don’t have a clock display lighting up the room all night. Just make sure you have the language set to your local one in the Alexa app as it defaults to US English and some things aren’t recognised (like the BBC) until you change it to proper English.


  Used as a second unit in the kitchen.  Works great.  Used mainly for streaming BBC Sounds, which is does very well.  Sometimes ignores me but she’s not the only one in the household to do that. 


  I biught an additional dot to go with my old 1st gen alexa. Its great, i did need to buy an additional hub so i could use smart lights etc. I know have another dot too. Highly recoemmended


  Amazing little product and so mobile, move it anywhere in the home and proving you have wifi even take it with you when touring with the caravan.


  I can’t even remember my life before I had Alexa in every room! The dark ages, I like to call it.


  Set up through app ok , best too connect Bluetooth speaker  great for radio stations,  and amazon music, ,Had a conversation with  my wife  Cindy  if ever you find yourself alone , think it could stop you being so lonely,  Not 100% but it could help,  I now people that never speak to anyone , all day, ,


  So i am suprised at how easy and quick it was to set up the echo dot even with a Scottish accent. However, to get the full benefit of it i am finding that you really need to be paying for ad ons such as prime. Every other action i ask Alexa to do, she cant fulfil because i wont pay for this. At the end of the day i find ive payed a lot for a talking clock and voice recognition timer and radio.


  The speaker is very good. Although it does recognise my partners voice better.. and for all you mums out there, it recognises your voice even when your baby is crying. AND perfect for playing white noise whilst trying to get your baby to sleep.Honestly try it, you won’t go back.


  Ok as a radio/music player/alarm  for the bedroom. Sound isn’t as good as the first one I bought.


  Good for £22Cons: The sound at level 10 is a bit harshVoice recognition when high volume is not accurate.Pros:Good deal for the £22 priceGood colour optionsGreat design, modern and elegantMakes a great gift


  Very good would have given 5 stars but plug is a bit on the large size 2nd wire system is better.


  It’s good fun for sure but you need to be careful of the extras. Some of the functions require subscriptions.


  Alexa echo dot works well with voice commands, I can now easily listen to my favourite radio! Great looking small and discreet design. On the negative side Alexa doesn't fully interact with my fire TV stick and I have to manually start programmes, but once started I can ask Alexa to 'pause' and 'stop'.


  On the whole it's very good but she does sometimes decide to play random music you didn't ask for or stop altogether! Definitely a woman ha ha.


  I have only one problem so far it sometimes just stops playing goes dead no reason why and then re starts !


  This came as a free gift when bought another product.Good fun ,but i think it is always passing info back to Amazon.


  Absolutely brilliant little machine and a vast improvement over the previous generation. It will fill a room with good quality sound over a vast range of music.


  The only thing I find annoying is the inability to block people from activating Alexa. I have to turn the speaker off when my granddaughter comes round as she will not stop asking Alexa to perform tasks. Very annoying.


  Really easy to set up, great quality audio and it recognizes my speech really well.A great little unit, looks and works and sounds brilliant. gonna get another for another room .


  Great to have the functionality of radio, phone playlists and other ‘skills’ like the timer.A couple of negatives in that when asking for a particular radio station it seems to be offering a playlist from Amazon Music and also that you have to have Spotify Premium to use that app.But overall very happy and good sound quality.


  I love this product, always on hand when I need to ask anything and find the answer quickly.. huge music library and at such a great price if you are in to technology you would be mad not to have one!!!


  All the family use it very handy for the News and weather in a morning and the odd joke for the grandkids plus the wife's Christmas music


  I already had one without the clock but got this for my room when it was on sale. I really like the clock and you can also read the volume number. Very nice 


  Like the sound and the ability to recognise voice commands. Not sure how it will help as it drags us screaming into the 21st Century.


  I like wee dotty.. She tries very hard to do what I ask her and I've got her working in two different rooms now..


  I only use this for music and the news - no smart applications. Very easy to set up and use. No problems experienced


  Easy to install and use. We have three of these and an Echo too.


  Very easy to use. Understands what you say easily. The only problem is that companies like Panasonic with older TV (3 year) do not support Alexa.


  I love my Echo’s my only ask would be slightly better bass.  Make the alarm clock display standard and add Qi charging.


  I like that Alexa can tell me the weather forecast and turn my heating on and off.A little disappointed that I can only add one route into the traffic part of the app and that even when I ask Alexa for a certain route, she doesn’t seem to be able to know that.


  As I have said a great little gadget and not at all intrusive


  A lovely device. My only problem is when I’m using ‘drop-in’. The person at the other end often complains the sound quality is poor and my words are broken.


  I love my echo dot, it just loses 1 star as I am having problems with playing different Spotify accounts on more than one echo in my house :( this needs sorting. Once this is sorted it would get 5 stars.


  i have been using this to listen to music, check things I wish to know ie name of an actor in a film. Also love the reminder and timer features. I suffer from memory loss due to fibromyalgia so it is brilliant to remind me of appointments, even when dinner is ready. I would probably miss it if it went wrong.


  Sounds quality is not really good. Positive thing is that kids have lots of fun with Alexa


  Got two echo dot's one in living room one in daughter's bedroom. But if we link together to tell daughter tea ready it works but if you only want to play music in living room you can't it will play in both


  Great little speaker, just getting use to what you can do with Alexa.


  Only still getting used to Alexa, it was received as a gif. She doesn’t always do as I ask but I am getting used to her!


  I don't have any IOT devices at home therefore Alexa is bit useless BUT I got it for free so I'll  keep her


  The sound quality, in general, is far better than my 1st generation Dot. However, when listening to audiobooks there is an audible pop and hiss on leading P sounds that does not occur on any of the other audio devices that I own.


  This was a Christmas present and I haven’t found out everything it can do yet, but I am enjoying finding out.


  I think she,s great and mostly i use her for playing music,


  Everything is fine. The only criticism I have is that when you voice control the volume, it is not granular enough - you have to physically press to get the lowest volume. Saying “volume 1” is not the lowest volume. This matters because when going to bed you want softest volume.


  Easy to setup have not had it long enough to learn everything. Particularly like being able to speak to family in USA by asking Alexa to phone individual


  Bought as a present for my wife. Relatively straightforward to set up and operates as expected. Quite happy with this product so far.


  I believed I had ordered the a echo dot 'with clock' in sandstone, as only colour offering clock....the one I received does not have the clock. Can't be bothered to return but was a bit annoyed as would have ordered the darker version 'without clock ' for preference.


  Easy to install and use but fails to answer certain questions. Need to explore further to access more features.


  This was a Christmas gift, it's okay but to be honest hardly use it other than for the radio and weather.


  On the whole I am very pleased with my new echo dot. Set up was easy enough. The negative is the adverts, it encourages you to upgrade/subscribe in order to listen to a particular chosen track.


  Always wary of having a government spy in the house. But once I had set it up, it works great. Still very wary of it though.


  This was a gift and I must say I'm loving the sound it produces. It has been used to listen to a lot of music, so much so I'm thinking if changing from Spotify to amazon music. The interaction with alexa puts a smile on your face to. So glad I got it.


  Product is excellent sound is great for its size.  Only draw back was the cost of subscription is per unit at £3.99 per month not per account.  Another surprise was a phone call from Amazon telling me the subscription was £33.99 per month.  My subscription was cancelled immediately.


  So far so good, my prev one doesn’t last long... let’s see how long this one survives


  Used over Xmas Alexa did shut down on me a few times.but in all fairness had a houseful shouting out songs to play think she got a little confused lol


  Great value and good sound quality considering the size. You need an Amazon account to make it work properly with Alexa.


  Really pleased with my Amazon eco dot, i have since added an Amazon I box speaker to enhance the sound!


  It was a gift and one I didn't want. Used it yesterday and played music, OK. Voice a bit muffled. It may grow on me in time but there are many Hingis on it I don't need as I have radios and clocks and don't need music all the time.o


  Only bugbear is the inability to play different music on different echoes. But I guess that might also be a technical issue rather than solely financial?


  Voice recognition is poor unless you live alone and in silence. But on an average day to day use has a long way to improve


  A good little unitJust disappointing that I have unlimited music on my echo showBut cannot use it on my echo dot,without paying extra.


  This is the second one I've bought. The first packed up after 6 months, I'm hoping this one lasts longer. Overall a good gadget ,sound good, with some excellent features. Well worth a try.


  Very impressed with Alexa’s capabilities and the volume output. Still learning all the ins and outs but enjoying the adventure so far!


  love the main alexa so thought i would buy a dot to tuck away in the kitchen. The sound isnt quite as good but that's fair enough - its half the price and much smaller but it is still pretty good.


  I ordered this item in error. I had bought an Echo Dot for a friend with a clock display in Sandstone. I have tried to get this same model but in Charcoal but it doesn’t seem to be an option. Alexa is so knowledgeable...


  Sound quality is not great but ok for a small speaker. It’s great to have a friend that listens and can provide some useful information


  Like having the smart home integration; but the integration of other smart home devices like SONOS could be better.


  Like that i can attach to my ring door bell and do my shopping list = even though i think i should speak clearer.


  I like being able to call up the latest news, weather reports, and traffic reports, being able to listen to some music instantly and having some fun with the games and skills that are on offer with Alexa, plus the sound quality is also far better than I ever imagined it would be for such a tiny piece of kit!


  she sometimes gets confused, my daughter now has her own account as her calendar reminders were broadcast through the house.


  I seem to have trouble with the volume. Sometimes it starts ok then the sound gets lower and lower. A bit annoying but it was a Christmas present.


  Excellent little gadget, keeps my old dog company when I go to work, tell alexa to play music till I get home


  I use this for every day things like shopping lists, news, weather and reminders. I have a hearing problem and I feel the sound quality is muffled. If I turn it up louder, it becomes more muffled so I literally have to have it plugged in next to me. I have Amazon music and it's good for playing music on command, but again it's not clear sounding quality. It does it's job and I'm overall happy with it.


  Pros : Nicely made, good quality speaker,Cons : Setting-up could be better.


  I mostly use for music. Occasionally ask questions but haven’t got used to it being there at the moment!


  Very good sound quality but poor call response. The second gen Dot responds way better and faster when you say wake-up word. I have both and discovered that Third gen Dot need a quite room while second gen works in noisy environment good enough. Also second gen works from higher distance while third gen is less sensitive.


  thinking i should have got the bigger one, but will stick with it for a while longer


  So easy to use and fantastic sound from such a small device. Not much use without Amazon prime for music.


  sound from speaker ok but not up to standard of my bose speaker.fed up of being bombarded with requests from Amazon to purchase other add ons to use with this speaker


  An awesome little speaker with the Alexa integration. Alexa is a little dim-witted sometimes but with the constant updates being made I'm sure that the quality will improve.


  I wasent sure about getting one of these,but I am pleasantly surprised and really love it.  It's connects without any issues, we've used it for background music, listening to live sports events, and quizzes and we find it so handy to just ask Alexa.  I still need to explore more but first impressions are really good.


  Great to use in the kitchen, use it more as a DAB radio than anything else. Easy to set up and use and considering it's only a mono speaker the sound quality is pretty good


  The speaker is excellent small but mighty, it has some difficulties recognising speech at times but overall great.


  This is very nice to have when you don't need anything else,Ask her to play Classical music , Excellent.


  Bought as a bedroom clock ⏰ but much more Versatile. Well worth the price And looks pretty good.


  This was bought as a present, the person was very pleased with it and uses it for several different things every day.


  Will not play some local Radio Stations requested. Same with Music you have to stop it and ask again.


  Overall, I am pleasantly surprised by how loud the speaker is, I just wish it could work off the phone in the garden with no WiFi, would love some music in the garden but my WiFi doesn’t reach.


  I've not had this long so still learning what it does and how to use it. I'd imagine it would work well with other smart devices that I might add later but a fun gadget nevertheless.


  Nice thing to have in the kitchen to ask every day questions and play music ...sound is ok but not brilliant


  bought Alexa mainly for my OAP mumWho is not as mobile, to turn lights sockets on by voice command etc, Alexa finds it hard to understand the voice commands from my mum ( who is Scottish )It’s a good little gadget but just every generation of echo it will get better


  This unit is bigger than the others we have and has more bass to the music I don’t know if you can adjust but it still responds like the smaller units


  I like the shape, size and sound quality. You don't really know what you will need it for, until you need it. Then it's quite a surprise just how much you actually do use it. The kids of course have great fun with it, it keeps them entertained for ages. Brilliant!!


  The echo is great for music however was frustrating when askinfor a number of songs she told me they werr unavailable unless i subscribe to prime. Using the product however is like a speaking internet a minefield of inormation at your command


  If you want a small wireless speaker for music, this isn't it, most Bluetooth speakers would do a better job, but to enable things like voice control of Hue in the bedroom, this does the job nicely.


  The dot is so very helpful to my disabled wife for music, news and switching the lights on and off with the smart plugs etc.....


  It's strange at first but it does answer most questions or it will direct to find the answer using another source.  Integrating it into other household items is cause for hesitation.  A voice request to integrate with other technologies in the home would make it better though.


  Sound quality is excellent with easy connection to the home hub. Alexa's  understanding of commands is greatly improved. It is an awesome product.


  Solid little units, I've got rid of all my alarm clocks for the bedrooms, so easy to set alarms and get the correct time plus a lot more.


  There are so many things you can do with the Echo and I learn something new every day.  Thank you very much.


  Compared to my last one it is quite bassy I have trouble hearing low voice so is hard for me to understand


  Love my Echo dot.It looks very stylish and although small and compact the sound quality is very good.I would recommend it.


  Does what its supposed to do and easy to setup. The sound quality isn't the best and making adjustments in the app doesn't make a big difference to the sound.  All that said I'd say it was well worth the money.


  She does not always no radio stations. Having to buy things to go with it. Great for music. And answering questions.


  This an addition to our Alexa family. The sound quality is really good for it's size. Early days, but it's settling in well. Does everything it says on the tin.


  I Like that its louder than and recognise my requests no problem even at full volume, it’s slightly to Basie for my liking even after it been tweaked and it’s a little on the bulky side but that’s my only sight niggles but overall a great product.


  It’s a bit of fun sometimes. Not sure what to ask and does not always do what i asked  but it’s alternatives are acceptable.


  the wife thinks it is great she can just ask anything


  Echo dot seems to be a good tool, but very limited instructions. I had to buy a instruction book. Did not expect that.


  All good bought a second one and paired them together can play music upstairs and downstairs together with no delay


  If i have a question i need answered  Alexa! does that for me,i also use it to play music through,  I'm still learning other things it can do.theres a lot more to it than i thought,


  Great for the bedroom sound quality is better than 2nd gen.  use it mainly to listen to audio books/podcasts and control smart lights in bedroom sound very clear for a small speaker but would probably be lacking in a bigger room such as living room or kitchen


  Alexa doesn't always hear you or understand you and the Alexa app is little slow and clunky speaker sounds better than I thought though


  Much better sound than previous generation. Can sometimes be a bit temperamental when asking to do hive functions.


  I love this wish I had bought a long time ago. Great value. Fantastic to set reminders for my mum while I'm at work. We have also bought 2 others as gifts.


  I like things that come in small neat packages, but with a great sound that can be activated by speaking to it!I wanted something to allow me to listen to the radio and other music. My brother has an Echo Dot with Alexa, and when he showed me how it works, and the variety of questions it will answer - I just had to have one! Great buy, and very useful for any general information.


  Sound quality excellent for such a small speaker but Alexa has a way to go yet .Not as good as Siri when it comes to answering questions.


  Having to repeat question not knowing some questions


  Enjoy being able to use the Alexa system for music around the house. However it is not surprising considering the price of the product that the quality of sound does not match my hi fi equipment so would not recommend for serious music listening.


  Sound, ease of set up and voice recognition all exceeded my expectations. Disappointing that Google Play Music is not available. A great device at a great price.


  Bit more bassier than previous models, but sound quality hasnt improved much, even taking price into consideration


  Overall its good but has some flaws.Sound is okay but looses quality in a noisy environment.Sometimes doesn't respond meaning you have to shout.Other than that it's good for the money


  It is neat and unobtrusive, but I found difficulty in setting the Echo up as it didn'tseem to want to connect through my phone.  I was about to give up when I asked Alexa a question and to my surprise received an answer.  Why, I don't know but the system seems to be operating entirely satisfactorily now.


  I like having an extra one upstairs but the wake word was annoying as when speaking to my kitchen alexa the one up stairs would listern instead now I've charged the wake word for downstairs and it don't respond as well. Also kids find in hard to say amazon properly needs more wake words


  Initially set to American, which ment I had to go all Texan just to turn on the light. Eventually found language setting and she's been okay since.


  for some reason it cannot pronounce my friends name.. repeatedly try to add his voice, but it ALWAYS gets his name wrong... cannot seem to add my bluetooth speaker...downloading different manufacturers apps to my phone, that pairs with it straight away but, then still not linking to the echo... a pain


  Bought this as an extra for upstairs, I've got Alexa downstairs, very handy, only downside is I can only get Amazon music on one device and I'm not going to pay extra, so only got music downstairs


  I use this in my bedroom as I have big one in the lounge it’s a great little unitI have got the plugs And other stuff the works via Alexia so it’s very handy.


  Likes: Main functions, simplicity, FireTV interface.Dislikes: No option to have Alexa Voice from echo and music from HiFi. "Ring" integration does not feature a door alert. App is fiddly and online help is thin.


  Great little unit, very easy to setup and small enough to fit almost anywhere. The sound quality isn’t bad for such a small unit but placement can effect the sound quite a bit so you might need to experiment a bit to get the best sound. Plan to order a couple more for the full house sound.


  Sounds great but sometimes issue with connection or voice recognition.Also it has sometimes responded 'no' to a request to play a song.


  Unless you have a premium account with Spotify it wont play spotify music.Tends to lose connection to internet from time to time.Otherwise generally fine


  The device introduces a lot of opportunities. But I need to explore/test them. Of course, many also need other technology purchases.


  The choice of music ..personal calendar and answers all our questionsNothing to dislike about it


  It’s great and works. Family loves it (probably because it’s new  so they might soon get over it). It was a great purchase especially on promotional price, nice addition to home. Only negative is I wish it had an internal battery or something  so you can use it wirelessly without having to connects it to the mains.


  Although I like Alexa echo, I am disappointed that I can't change the voice and name to a male one.


  Much improved sound quality over 2nd generation model. Seems less sensitive receiving commands than 2nd generation when music is playing. Have to reduce volume considerably before it "hears" a command.


  I mainly use the echo dot for the radio feature, what is really bugging me is Alexa will change the station without command, this is now grating on me! Oh and I only bought mine a few weeks ago £49.99 now it’s £29.99!!


  Very happy with it, but Alexa sounds different than the 2nd generation. Works the same, just it feels like I have 2 x Alexa's in the house rather than 2 Dot's


  I just love The compactness of this lovely speaker


  Voice activated  for totally hands free operation, very handy when multi tasking.Endless uses.


  I am unable to comment on this as i myself do not use this however i believe it is good.


  The echo dot is ok if you just want it for messing around with the kids but the voice recognition isn’t great and often Alexa misunderstands or just doesn’t respond. Looks good and easy to set up


  fantastic item,replaces the radio volume quite good and the sound is good,for the price you cant go wrong


  We use it mainly as a lazy way to listen to the radio. However, it is amazingly easy to find answers to factual questions.


  I like how handy the device is, but sometimes it starts talking even when the wake word hasn’t been said. Also i noticed when i ask for music to be played on spotify sometimes it will just randomly stop but when she plays on prime music it’s continuous.


  Have to admit I was skeptical about receiving an Alexa dot because I didn't want to be repeating myself to her all the time, but the voice recognition is great. I use her for playing the radio, turning my lights on and off and as an alarm clock.


  Good enough but don't expect musuc quality on a par with Dots. But useful to plug in anywhere.


  Amazing product. Love using it but would love it to learn my likes and dislikes so it could respond to "Play radio" and go to the channel I usually want, or after a song has play, respond to "play that last one again". It will repeat if you ask it during the song. I'm sure this functionality will come in time.


  The price was good, I am looking at buying more but I’ll wait for the price to go down again.


  Looks a nice product but unfortunately our BT. Internet signal is too weak to operate it efficiently.


  Positioning so it’s away from router, TV etc is a bit annoying but done. Not sure about it’s capabilities to listen in to your conversation and room etc but if it bothers you just cut the power.


  once I finally got it connected to the internet my boy as had fun asking Alexa to play music and make sounds.


  Love the way you can instruct Alexa what to do & ask her questions but why does she have to have an American accent !!


  I’ve installed this in my living room and wired it into the stereo. I be got it controlling Philips hue lights and it is great.My only issue is that with the aux cable plugged in it turns off the internal speaker, which is a pain if I don’t have the stereo turned on.Having this as a software switch would be a lot more flexible.


  Sounds great for the size. My problem with it it’s not as good as a google to recognise what your saying takes a few goes to get what you want. My only other thing would be to have a aux in to use it as a speaker without Bluetooth.


  This is one of 4 echo devices, I have purchased and have them configured so I can either play one device, two devices or all four, depending on where I am in the home. The sound quality is excellent and they play perfectly in sync


  Great intro to Alexa really like the radio via smart speaker.


  Mainly used for radio and music for the size it’s a good quality speaker with good sound. I use it in conjunction with Sonos speakers and along with the app works well. No major complaints particularly at this price point.


  I like the device but I don't know why the sound sometimes goes crackly. I use it mainly for radio and music and occasionally  if I get stuck in my crossword puzzle.


  I have an older echo dot, this is much better in terms of sound quality and looks.


  I use it to play music mostly, sound quality good, often reacts when no one is speaking though or says weird/ scary things


  Decent tech lots to do but randomly switches on/off? Anyway she won’t argue much


  Really please with this. I wasn’t keen on the idea of an Alexa in my home, I received it as a present and haven’t looked back, I now have a series of smart bulbs and plugs to go with it!


  Sound quality is good, and voice recognition is very accurate, despite my quite strong accent. I’ve found its comments quite amusing and its uses have included playing music on demand, switching the TV on and off and more. It continues to learn and improve. Well worth the price tag.


  Brilliant exactly what we were looking for; just wish you had had the pink one in time for Christmas!


  Thought it would be better as I got 1st edition sound is better but that is all


  It is good but does pick up other people's voices eventhough I haven't set them up!


  Bought this for the office to replace a gen 2, it's now as loud as the Google smart speaker I have at home, just a tiny bit worse in sound quality when it's quite enough to hear.


  I didnt like that u have to purchase Amazon music to play specific tunes but great for radio etc


  this was bought for me for xmas by my daughter,my grandsons think it is the bees knee's I myself are not to sure at the moment but time will tell


  Love Alexa very useful and loads of good music via amazon prime. Sound quality is very good!!


  Sometimes struggle when calling Alexa, it seems as though I have to get quiet close and loud before she listens and responds. Once I get her attention she does answer most requests. I would say the integration is better than my HomePod but the awakening is not as good.


  I was given ALEXA as a Christmas Present otherwise I probably would not have purchased one myself, now I have one I am now learning fast as to what it can do, sound quality is acceptable and easy to adjust, overall I cannot understand why I did not purchase one before .


  My only serious criticism is that the sound is very muffled and I can find no way to improve it. Other than that I have no problems, it does all it's meant to do.


  Absolutely delighted. Can find out weather firecast. Plays all my favourite music. Helps with grandsons homework.


  Sound not so great, wouldn't use for music. Otherwise is OK


  I use it for music mostly....am really only in the process of finding my way round it at the moment....good so far


  Beats the c**p out of Google mini for build quality, and the fact it has an AUX out. Shame it doesn't have AUX in thought. The Alexa skills go well beyond what Google can do at the moment. Bit too much bass for my liking but still fine. I currently have 3 and an Echo plus.


  Given to me as a Christmas gift.  I didn't think I would like it but am using it more and more.


  good product, does what it says really, I was expecting more not having any of the Amazon products, but if your getting it for more of a speaker I would look around abit first as the sound gets quite tinny anything above 7ish 8


  The voice recognition is not perfect yet, sometimes she misunderstands you but overall it's a really great and useful gadget, I control my whole room with it basically. Lights, TV, speakers. Few improvements and it will be perfect.


  Does everything I want it to do, other than hear me above volume level 6. My neighbours now know I've got one after hearing me scream at it repeatedly to turn the volume down.


  Had the echo dot about 1 month still getting used to it, but found really had to request simple things end up shouting at the device like a lunatic! Great speaker and has some fun features. Will see how it goes...


  Limited general knowledge, if you are only asking basic questions mostly you are ok , I mostly use it like a radio or weather presenter,


  Works a well as the echo but doesn’t have the sound quality of the echo otherwise good as a second smart speaker in a small room.


  A good speaker. Alexa works well. Good sound for the size, although there are big gaps in the turning up and down of the volume


  Alexia’s voice sounds a bit muffled. Otherwise works well. Still discovering what it can be used for.


  Too complicated to add devices took1.5 hours to sort out one (works with Amazon)smart socket .


  This is a great device,my only complaint is alarm is too low,and doesn't increase in volume when turned up


  great piece of kit, but struggles sometimes with the accent.


  As good as my echo and the sound considering the size is great.  But im having problems with my hue lights but that may not be the dots problem


  More of a novelty for family great radio choice,  even tells the children or adults stories, recipes, thoughts for the day


  It doesn't know everything but has many helpful features like set a timer etc. Love it.


  Versatile and easy to set up. To get the best out of this you may need to subscribe to other Amazon services.


  The speaker in itself works quite well, there a still some work to be done obviously (could not make it recognize the difference between sunset and Switzerland) but it can be quite helpful. The only issue is that with a Swiss iTunes account the echo dot and most devices supporting Alexa are almost useless. Please make the system available in Switzerland!!


  I received this as a Christmas present, it's not something I would ever have got myself as such things don't interest me but I like the music on it when I'm busy in the kitchen...no adverts unlike radio.


  Doesnt Always Find The Song Title And Artist You Request And Plays Songs With Same Or Similar Titles By Different Artist.


  It's very neat, and handy . It's compact and so fits anywhere. I use it quite a lot to answer questions on a range of subjects and play music  Thank you it's great


  Its a fun device however heavily stacked to conect to Amazon products or America. I cant access Apple music for example in uk. You can access Amazon music. Not all bluetooth speakers connect either.


  Integrates and responds well. The sound quality could be better with too much base and not enough treble.


  Works well, good lookingbut far too much bass making voice muffled and difficult to hear at times


  I really like the Alexa as i can listen to what i want to listen  and it can provide information you request its brilliant.


  In all honesty, I haven't used it to its full potential, it's used mostly as a music player and occasionally used the movie quiz app to kill some time, which is good fun.Still a good piece of kit though.


  It's good...... But sound cannot reach anywhere near volume of echo 3rd gen. Good for small room


  Bought as a gift well received, Children loved it! Even joking on it, but they also liked Siri more.


  Needed to replace the bedroom radio and thought a about an internet radio but this is a lot cheaper and does more.No brainer


  Difficult getting a connection to my wifi, so not used yet. Bought for me as a present.


  My wife and me had been holding out to buy the Amazon Echo rather than the dot as we were concerned the sound quality would be quite tinny. How wrong we were!! Excellent audio from such a small speaker and great value for money (we got it reduced)


  The echo dot is quite small which is very good as it doesn't stand out. The sound quality is good and clear


  Easy to set up as I have an Alexa app and an echo showCan’t complain as it works exactly like my other Alexa itemsMy only issue is that I wish to use it in my bedroom as an alarm clock and haven’t quite mastered how to adjust the brightness of the display in order that I am able to see the time when it’s dark


  Good for most music,  Musicals not well provided for e.g requested 'Pajama Game'  not available.  Sound Quality excellent.


  Very useful in a small kitchen as it doesn't take up much space. I do have to speak to it 2 or 3 or 4 times though, to get any response from it.


  This little dot is perfect for placing somewhere inconspicuous, while still having access to ask Alexa anything. My only negative is that the speaker is not as loud as I would like.


  Was a present from my sonsStill getting use to itWill be good when I have Marsterd the commands


  It’s ok for listening to the radio or playing song lists. Once the novelty wears off though it isn’t used so much


  Annoying dashing yellow  light only way to stop it is to turn it off,or take the message


  For News , music, weather and answering questions.Some of the news spoken by females was  not always distinct.The quick responses are good and the hands-free aspect is very good.Will be working on other features like lighting etc.


  Love it, works great with my Sonos system, have a number of these around the house, used for alarms, countdown, music and questions. Useful tool is sending out a broadcast to all devices normally when dinner is ready.


  You need an app for everything she needs to do. Also for most of The apps you need subscription to have acces.


  Much better speaker quality than the original echo dot that we had before.


  For the size of the device and for the price, this produces brilliant sound qualityRelatively easy to set up and very easy and fun to use.Very occasionally mis-hears your instructions


  Even better looking, and audio is great. Much better listening to music on this than previous.Voice recognition is much improved.


  Think the sound quality is good with music but for waves and rain for sleeping she was a little off.Have some trouble with her recognizing what I am asking but guess that is when I am too far away.Like her jokes


  Bought this product as an extra Alexa for our upstairs. Works well on most things. But like our Alexa there are times when it does not hear what you are saying correctly.


  After a shaky start where Alexa kept stopping mid sentence, it seems to be running ok now.


  Fantastic sound for such a small device especially for music. Really great bargain for the price.


  We like the dot and already own an Echo and wanted it for a second room.  However I was disappointed that I could not link to my Echo to  play the same music without paying for an upgrade. Would be good if you could have 2 linked devices for the base price.


  Use for amazon music hd and plug into my anplifier , works pretty well , good for the money.


  I love it, it would be 5 stars but with both I have the set up was a pain it didn't work about 20 times and then worked doing the exact same thing. Once it is set up it is great.


  My alex is really good however these a lot of things it still cant do and questions alex just doesn't know how to answer... I understand this is a working progression and you can mayb try and find what your looking for through the skills but generally speaking it isn't that great... I enjoy my alexia... but still needs work


  Easily known is to cheaper end of a product speaker not quite up to scratch when volume is up Alexa has trouble hearing you from a distance but after experiencing it I probably go with an upgrade sometimes you get what you pay for worth spending a few more pennies I think


  Easy to connect to network. But no instructions on how to set up with existing echo. Took several hours before got it to work as stand alone device.


  It is great at recognising many different voices, and I loved it for listening to music on. However, there is a lack in some more advanced features and if I wanted help or something to do with the Echo, it would always referred back to the Alexa app help and features section for which something I have to manually do.


  Added into smart home. Sound quality is better than the 2nd gen and it looks good but has trouble making out the active word when there is background noise. Pausing the Xbox is very useful with it, when it hears me.


  The echo dot was a very welcome Christmas present. I haven’t really investigated it’s capabilities yet but am enjoying listening to the old comedy programmes on Radio 4 extra and asking for jokes. I intend asking advice from family echo dotters and am sure I will use it a great deal.


  Bought this for my partner for Xmas. I really wasn't sure if she'd like it but fortunately she loves it.


  Unfortunately this new model does not use a USB power input. This is fine for the home, but not for the car or other portable applications.


  Very good. Wife likes it. So i put Alexa in the Conservatory so she has someone to talk too.


  Loved this little gadget. Hadn’t realised you had to pay a monthly fee for specific music .


  Quick & easy to set up. Brilliant sound quality for such a small speaker. However, doesn't always recognise my partner's voice!!!


  I live by myself so it's like having another person in the house to talk to. Plus I love the fact that I can ask for my favourite songs without searching through my cd's


  We use it mainly for radio and reminders. My wife is unwell and Alex's reminds her to take medication.She sometimes misunderstands simple questions.Her knowledge is not as good as Google assistant.


  You can have so much fun with alexa but she can also be serious and help. She can  play games with you.  Bad side Alexa can be really annoying if you accidentally say her name but she is great for venting you rage on.  She has an app now where you let Alexa).. .put in contacts


  To soon to rate properly has I have only been using the devise for 3 weeks on a very limited range of features. Mainly use it in the kitchen has a replacement for a radio. What it has been used for has met my expectations so far.and what I do like is that for such a  small unobtrusive devise it  provides a reasonable quality of sound.


  Echo Dot arrived at last and works very well.Would have been nice for Amazon to meet the Christmas deadline but unfortunately original Echo damaged in post and sent to wrong city location.


  We were very pleased with our original Alexa Echo which we have had for a few weeks and we then purchased an Echo Dot.  Although pleased with the sound etc, it often does not always respond to our requests for BBC radio programmes and completely shuts down.  This is disappointing as it was the main reason for buying the Dot.


  Really convenient to have. Easy to install, gets old quick but there are lots of apps to keep the children entertained.I would definitely recommend.


  This device knows more than i do, i am not technically minded. However it was easy to set up and so far Alexa has found and played all the Springsteen songs i have requested. I'm sure i'll eventually pick up more things to do!


  Very good product, though it took me a while to work out how to get Alexa to open a certain app and play what I required.  Got there in the end, just by sheer perseverance.


  Immediate information when asked occasionally  the echo was unable to understand the command, requires short concise questions which are easy to forget due to her voice and am inclined to  thank her after contact! Overall I'm extremely pleased with the devise and would recommend to family and friends. Also a great aid for sight difficulties.


  Handy little gadget which is a bit of a novelty for me. Useful for some things.


  Didn't like that it couldn't have same system  as phones and loads with plug in charge so it could be used in any room.


  Very good for what I use it for. Love how easy it it to use by voice although was a pain to set up


  Generally happy with echo dot but very disappointed that you can’t use your 2nd echo dot as a speaker for the amazon music subscription.....will now have to purchase a non Amazon speaker or move the original echo dot to the room I want to hear the music in.  The only other alternative is to purchase a family subscription at a much higher monthly cost.


  helps me with shopping list, appointments and playing a tune while I iron.  Brilliant


  Brilliant update from 2nd Generations. Speaker more louder and responsive. Just the charging cable is the downside as it’s a pin output which is not versatile to use with other devices. Overall good purchase.


  Little better than the first generation Alexa


  Lovely little speaker, good sound for its size!. One annoying this is that we have 2, so if someone speaks to Alexa in another room, it can pick it up in my room and follow their command.


  Bought it the Black Friday event so more than pleased with a price of £24.99!Bought primarily for use with Spotify premium. Works great amping it through my main speakers although the sound is acceptable for a small speaker to take away on holiday.Only issue I’ve found it has some issues finding playlists within Spotify via voice command. This is overridden using phone as the remote.All in all great value for money.


  Sometimes the voice recognition is not very good. However, I got this during the Black Friday deal and I think it was great value for money. I love using it in my kichen.


  Brilliant new sound a little more bassier than the second generation. However the microphone system does not pick your voice as easy and find myself having to say Alexa 2 or 3 times. So needs improving for next one.


  Haven't had much time to use it so far as I didn't get it set up for a few days. Was really my wife that wanted it but I think it will be very helpful. So far I would definitely give it a thumbs up.


  Fab little device, was easy to connect to my other echo, has fab sound and is very responsive to my voice. Got on offer for £29.


  Well a lovely addition to the family doesn’t talk over doesn’t eat much and plays some lovely music turns off when requested what more could you ask for. Good price excellent service once again from amazon we love it 


  Works well for what we wanted . Haven’t had it long so will do fuller review later in year


  When you are not speaking clearly, it often struggles to understand you. It integrates really well into the Alexa app and the sound quality is pretty good but if you have thin walls its better to just use the 3.5 mm headphone jack as sound easily goes through walls. Would only recommend in certain places in the house.


  Nice to have but unless you have a premium account on Spotify or Amazon you can listen to random music, not specific songs.Integration with smart light bulbs was a bit complicated due to 5ghz WiFi not supported, but possible with a bit of time.I guess it would be very useful with more smart appliances.Overall a nice to have.


  Second one of these I’ve bought, this time for a gift. Alexa has changed my life 


  Still trying it out works well so far really good and happy with it and I would wait to get another when on special offer


  i love the ecko dot but how do i ask it a question without having to press the button on top, i was under the impression i could just talk to it. i have set my info and i am registered but cant ask a question without pressing the ontop button ...confused


  As someone who is in the field of knowledge-exchange and knowledge building (human-AI interaction), I can say this is work in progress.Looking forward to the new generation.P.S.  I hate monopolization - it only recognizes certain brands such as Samsung, etc...for everything else u need an adapter...kinda sucks!!!


  Always remember that this has limitations. However for weather, reminders are it is like speaking to a polite lady. Lovely voice.


  Nice device, very responsive. I have Prime and am disappointed that Amazon wants ANOTHER £3.99 a month to access all available songs.


  I should first of all say that this was an unexpected gift from some friends so I did not have any expectations.At the moment the main use I have for it is to play music, in time unlimited choice. Many more uses which I will explore - I am pleased with so far.


  I really was impressed with the echo dot, sounds great works well also.My only niggle is that amazon wants to charge extra for the music if more than one device is used. I was going to buy another 2 and link them, but I’m not prepared to pay £17 per month. But still sounds good in my kitchen


  Couldn't really see a major improvement from my others. However in a big Alexa can, so it works for me.


  It works and for its size it sounds OK.  Usefull as an alarm on the bedside table and to get news headlines and check the weather.Recommended


  Weather it’s just me but I find that this model is not as responsive as the second generation model I seem to have to repeat myself more with the third generation model


  Very easy to set up, great value for money only thing for me is it doesn't play music very loud, overall though a great item.


  Nice wee device, still dislikes the Scottish accent. The sound is ok, but as it's designed to work with other speakers that can be understood. I would buy again.


  I DO NOT LIKE ALEXA ONLY SOMETIMES CAN ACCESS TALK RADIO SHE USUALLY RESPONDS I DO NOT KNOW THIS CHANELPLEASE HELP


  Overall very pleased, but still getting used to using it. I find the bass level too much, but have managed to alter it.


  I already have the larger version and got this for upstairs but she has an American accent!  Good alarm though and sound reasonless so happy.


  This was a prize, so we hadn’t done our research, I would urge customers to do there homework on all the related apps etc that are necessary to use, as initially we thought we had to pay more subscriptions on top of our prime membership!


  I bought two echo Dotson this order, the first one set up with no problem however the second one took a lot of messing around. I’m not sure why but eventually came on line and works ok.


  Great function BUT not entirely happy with the thought of being constantly monitored!


  Like the plum fabric design. Very handy addition to the house. Alexa is used every day.


  It's very gd ,haven't really got into it yet , but the musical side great.


  Got this for listening to music in the kitchen. Kids love it. Only thing is that Alexa a lot of the times doesn't understand what we are asking which can be frustrating so have to do it through app on the phone. Nice and compact and very handy if you love music.


  Present from my husband for Christmas. Enjoying using it for listening to music, radio and Amazon music unlimited.


  Brilliant product. Bought one to try. So impressed bought another two for around the house. Only down side is I think it should come with a 3.5 cable.


  Bought the echo and the dot together, just learning about what they can do but in the first week iam impressed .


  It’s the same old problem  of recognition of language so I get all different kinds of answers to a question but not the right one


  Really pleased and surprised by this gadget.  Honestly did not expect it to be able to all the things it does.  Has really good basic general knowledge too.


  My 7 yr old loves her. And she makes life easy. Good distraction for a kid on meltdown.


  Lovely for when I'm cooking and don't want to get food on my devices when I want to change a song! I think the sound is pretty great too!Only problem is Alexa is not the smartest smart  speaker out there so it all depends on what you want from your speaker.


  My daughter loves her Alexa dot. However I'm a little disappointed that you need to pay a separate subscription for each Alexa device you own to play different music in each room.


  Small neat and unobtrusive until called upon,  good sound qualities,  sometimes find it a little difficult to get an accurate understanding with Alexa but it a learning curve so we are getting there!


  Easy to set up easy to use to set up you had to use the app but make sure you read it properly i was a bit slow at first but it just klicked and all is fine now


  Had a few problems with set up from daughter's phone put app on mine and set up straight away her phone is newer than mine.


  We had a bit of try trouble, setting up as would not connect to WiFi, once up & running though, no problems, sound quality is very good, better than a Google home, but Google has a lot more answers, so if you can i would say have one of each


  Have got rid of all first gen dots now, sound much better and connection to Wi-fi loads less fiddly than previous version


  Great product, easy to use, you need to speak clearly as alexa sometimes has trouble understanding accents.


  To much Base meaning I cannot understand alexia at all very disappointed


  My echo dot was brought for me by my son and I am still getting used to it at the moment but hveused it for morning weather updates and playing music which the sound quality is pretty good for a thing so small, yes , things can always get better and technology will improve all of this as it goes along but at the moment it is pretty good.:)


  Good if you subscribe to all the Amazon subscription services like Amazon Music etc.


  Arrived quickly has issues with voice recognition but that's possibly cos Scottish accent .


  Impressive sound quality for the size. I like how it can wake me up to my favourite radio station in the morning, tell me the latest news/weather and allow me to play loads of fun games...all without lifting a finger!


  I cannot get this product even to work,  I have downloaded the app as instructed but all I get when I try to set up is an invitation to premium service, which I don't want,I had an immediate response to this review from Amazon by phone and they talked me through how to set it up so I'm now very pleased with the service I received and am happy with the product.


  I like that you can ask it to play music and find out the weather and lots of things


  I was amazed with the speaker quality we have it our kitchen very impressed with it and nothing at the moment I dislike


  If you are a bit of a technophobe like myself then getting this set up is enough to want to make you cry. I have sort of got it set up to play music but that's about all at the moment. waiting for my son to visit over Christmas so that he can set it up properly. could not find any real helpful sites for people like me. Real basic help.


  Isn’t clear how to set up things you want to do. I have to find someone who has one !


  Very good but a few issues with set up otherwise 5 stars


  Bought for me as a gift  Works well


  My son likes this as it can help with any questions he has. I also like playing music through ot when doing house work.


  So the sound quality is much better than previous generations although it's poor when turned up. Therefore this is great for a smaller room.


  Very good addition to my kitchen . Instant news , any music I can possibly think of , even tells jokes! What more could you ask for?


  We like the echo dot but it seems temperamental, it maybe the fault of the internet, however we were able to get BBC radio 4 for about a week then suddenly we struggled to get the station


  A good product at the reduced price, but voice quality is poor


  Already have a Dot &  Alexa but this ones adamant and remains American grrrr


  The price was excellent easy to use


  Good product had to band my child from it she uses it to cheat on her homework


  need to get an aux line out to an external speaker to maximise capability, I use a small Bose unit, they work great together


  Good sound for such a small speaker. Very bassy music can sound distorted. Call quality is poor when used as speaker phone. All in all not disappointed for the price. Addition of a rechargeable battery would be a useful addition when there is no power point near by.


  Bought this because lots of people are talking about it. It's fun, tells you most things but can't have a laugh and joke? Maybe in a few years it willvery good price and well made.


  I use these in multiple rooms to drop-in and to play music everywhere. I can control my home from anywhere in the house.


  I sometimes forgot I have it so haven't worked out exactly how to use it. Definitely worth the price.


  It doesn’t always understand and will only play Spotify if paying premium same for amazon music  so not so cheap


  Alexa does have some bugs, example if your music on her is too loud she won’t hear you speaking to her.. but other than that she’s a good smart speaker


  this was an extra unit to put in another room as well as the garage to run in a group set in the home ...Sounds ok .but nothing as good ss the gen 2 premium unit ..but fills a space and good price


  The sound is very good, still getting used to speaking to a machine, very pleased. Only listened to radio and asked a few questions so far.


  Not happy that to use Amazon music I had to increase my monthly subscription.  Although I have the speaker running OK now the main problem was downloading the Amazon app.Sound seems OK but we mainly bought the speaker to run outside at BBQs etc.


  Bit better than first generation Looks good only bought due to Amazon music deal @ 99p No way would pay £49.99 that’s ridiculous


  Has a really good tactile quality feel. Voice recognition works very well from distance and against volume if music is playing, and Alexa understands more naturally phrased questions than other competing options seem too. Use Dots around the house as extensions, but if you only need one unit and can afford it then get an Echo.


  Works fine and is handy for many basic questions, also can find songs easily once Amazon Music is subscribed. Alexa does not always understand questions or recognise some words, but overall well worth the money.


  Love the fact I can ask for a particular song, what the weathers like or listen to the radio.


  Was disappointed with the quality of the sound on the new echo dot  it is VERY muffled, much clearer on our previous model


  Not as great as I thought it would be.  You have internet access but can only use it for Amazon products


  Okay but sound quality not so good


  you have taken a great product and made it even better. Just wish the lowest light setting for the clock could be lower. That said still a fantastic product.


  Great product, only downside was that I had to return and reorder it as the first one wouldn’t connect to WiFi but all others in the house did first try so shouldn’t be a problem for anyone else


  Handy for the kids questions! We have one in each of the kids rooms and they listen to music BUT what I don’t like is that you can only stream of Amazon with one device at a time! Amazon try to push you to buy the ‘family pack’ for about £13 a month so you can stream up to 6(?) devices!!!! As if being a Prime member isn’t enough!!! So beware of this con!!


  Nice and small device, setting up the device is very easy and can control with alexa app as well, sound quality is very good.Liked the alexa skill where i can use my Hive heating system through alexa voice.Overall quality is good, waiting for next version of echodot.


  Never ceases to amaze me when using the dot,4 stars for lack of information about what it can do.


  A great play gadget but slightly disappointing because many advertised 'things Alexa can do' are not readily available in all areas - it is obviously strictly geared to the US matket.


  Doesn’t always complete the task. (To stop music, to play quietly)Sound is very good quality.


  Great looking speaker.  However the sound quality could be improved or given option to adjust the base and treble within the Alexa app itself will be great improvement


  The clarity of the music we love, We are using Amazon music shuffle play and although we can ask for numerousartists there are a lot of irrelevant/unheard of songs on them.  It's early days yet so we are hopeful to master hermany talents.


  I really like this. Bought it for my classroom but been testing at home and very impressed. My parents bought the 3rd gen echo which is definitely not as good they have constant problems but I’m yet to encounter one


  I loved the product and would buy again. however there is some inconsistencies with voice recognition. some times it thinks I said one thing when I said another. these are few and far between but I know how hard it is to program code for devices for these so it's not much of a bother. Overall I really loved the Echo Dot.


  There are some nice features with an Alexa Echo if you can track them down. It doesn't always answer the question and sometimes answers a different one , but I guess there is learning required on both sides. Overall its pretty good, however the integration with the LG TV did not work out and the app failed in that respect.


  You need WiFiYou have to download the appIt’s loud - volume changeOwn radioFunnyHave conversationsAsk questions


  Works great but it does not recognize a lot of places, ask if for the weather in Majorca it tells you about Australia, doesn't know the Balearic islands and it does struggle with my Blackcountry accent sometimes. Great for Amazon Music but i'm afraid the Google speaker works a hell of a lot better when it comes to Geography.


  Sound quality much improved over the original Echo Dot. Ideal for smaller rooms. Good value when discounted


  there are few things that the echo dot cannot do it, like searching recipes (or at least I could not get this option). the setup is easy. it is okay so far.


  The set up was strategically forward to set up, this was an xmas gift, the person that got it was over the moon when I used it to phone her up


  I now have 2 in 2 different locations1 hone1 workNot easy to add both to app and make them both work


  Works well with hue lighting and music apps. Voice recognition isn't perfect. Sound quality is ok


  Got this for Christmas so I haven't opened it yet. I'm hoping it actually works as the person who delivered it didn't attempt to deliver to the front door they threw it over the back fence. Good product- bad delivery.


  Often connected multi room does not function with voice control, yet work with app. Still some glitches to be ironed out.


  It’s good in many respects it doesn’t always understand what you ask for example; I asked how long would it take from London  to Preston in Lancashire the answer (taking traffic into consideration )was 50min which of course is impossible it would take at least 3hrs and 30min


  I’m new to Alexa but I find I ask it questions, set timers and play music. My daughter does a lot more on hers as I expect I will soon


  This has good sound quality although sometimes crackles when playing music  great volume range Alexa sometimes has difficulty understanding or answers the wrong question but 9 times out of ten get in right the closer you are to the dot when asking a question the more likely Alexa is to get it right


  Voice recognition is not as good as Echo Plus although that basically allows anyone to operate it


  Great gadget. Sometimes it's a little hard to understand as it's a little deep in sound. Apart from that it understand everything you ask.


  Great once you get it set up. To use Spotify u need premium membership or could use bluetooth.To listen to your music via amazon without adds u need again premium membershipBut great little device great for calling for help if in trouble.


  The speaker has less clarity than the original Dot due to more base and less top end, otherwise it's very good for finding out facts, and if you have more than one Echo you can link them together and talk to someone in another room where other Echo's are. If you have the Amazon Dot App on your phone/tablet you can talk to someone through the Dot from wherever you are with your phone.


  I love the design and idea of this product, however after a few times playing music it started to glitch but did stop after a few seconds. After that a never thought of anything intill it kept happening. Glad I brought it when it was on offer as after using it I would pay the full price. Overall its a good product only with a few.


  Sometimes Alexa doesn't recognise what you're saying it interprets what you meant the wrong way, which is probably our fault.Some really good integration here though, got two Dots and 5 smart lights, by two different companies. Definitely room for improvement which I'm looking forward to.


  Alexa doesn't seem to know everything - but that's acceptable! The Echo Dot is good for what I got it for - set timers, do shopping lists, reminders and play a bit of music now and again, so this is fine by me. I'm not a heavy user, but it's great for what I want.


  It’s pretty good.Sometimes doesn’t recognise some things you say but the speaker is great for its size.


  It's compact and easy to set up providing you've got a compatible smart phone or device.


  Seems ok, although struggle with connecting Hive and getting it to turn heating up


  I like that Alexa understands what your saying and aNswers your question fairly quickly


  Wouldn't rely on for playing music if that's your intention but for all other Alexa purposes, GREAT.


  We used it for music got fed up with the music coming on the radioSo now ew can choose what music we like


  Integrated and being used as required. Announcements are now made loud and clear lol.


  Sorry can't comment as bought for someone else


  I have several devices but this one has an American accent and i cant change it ?


  Love the programme 'mix' tapes!  Haven't found all Alexa's assets yet, but having fun finding them.


  Looks and sound wise this third gen dot is a vast improvement, as for voice recognition it is slightly better but it still struggles with background noise.


  I already have two Alexa devices, which sit in the kitchen and my home office. I decided to buy another Echo Dot when it was on special offer. Now I can communicate with Alexa from several areas of the house.


  Amazing productTicks all the boxes, except Alexa could have more answers!But really very good


  Not had it for long and not used all features yet, sometimes struggles with my accent, will know better when had more used from it


  Works quite well but you need to pay monthly to get a comprehensive music selection.


  I love my Alexa, I tend to only use if for timers, time and music and occasionally questions. Only thing that I wasn’t keen on was the fact if I wanted to listen to music either through Spotify or Apple Music it had to be premium. I chose Spotify as I use to have premium as a student. And I tend to go for Spotify more than apple.


  It's compact but has a good sound


  Great good sound  unlimited music


  I was very pleased to find how easy it was ti configure and install. I a now looking at other devices to supplement the Dot Echo, like lamps and power switches.


  purchased a few of them including the Echo love the feature of having the same music playing on all speaker around the house, plus purchased the plug sockets and light bulbs i am so so so lazy now


  Very slow and sound breaks up. Will keep playing about with it to see if improves


  Just perfect for our kitchen. music whilst you cook and recipes if you need them


  Only gets 4 stars as Amazon Prime membership doesn't provide access to many current songs so kids often left disappointed. Sorted by subscription to Amazon Music (or linked to Spotify account). Decent sound for size and for price. Happy


  Takes a time to learn, but when shes does, the answers can be very interesting, and informative


  Great speaker, loud and punchy for the size. Alexa works well and has good recognition technology.


  Can't really say I use the echo dot every day but it is great for playing music and has a variety of in build quizzes and games that are really fun.Was a bit of a hassle setting it up; having to sync it with Bluetooth then with WiFi. Took about an hour all in all.Overall a good addition to our household.


  I really love having Alexa would recommend even tho she can’t find my address


  We already have alexa our daughter bought us the alexa dot to use in another room.the only problem is alexa will not play everything unless we pay another £9 .we are already paying for our first alexa


  Love it that's we bought another. My only thing is if you turn volume up you lose the bass of the music so sounds a little tinny.


  The Echo Dot is very useful for playing music and asking various questions.


  Buying two and pairing them for stereo sound works quite well with a streaming service like Amazon Music. However Amazon restricts the BBC's ability to use the stereo pairing feature - so there is currently no point buying more than one if you are going to spend your time listening to BBC Podcasts or BBC Radio stations.


  I brought it fir my 70 year old mum she loves it. Now if she falls over she can call me for help.


  Great for around the house if you remember to turn the mute off


  Had the unit bought as a present.  Very handy to have once you get used to it.


  I love it - bought it mainly to play music but I do ask questions as well.  Can highly recommend it


  Didn't like the fact you can't get free Spotify but have it free on my tablet apart from that it's worth the money


  Great little thing, will be buying more for the other rooms and family


  I Hesitated  before buying  this device  but now they fully  setup  I love them


  Great device to help you with reminders, there is loads of great features, good value


  It was difficult to connect my phone to the echo dot, phone is a galaxy 8, but that might have been me a techno phobe.After that it worked perfectly.


  enjoying raio and enhanced info ever ready


  Only had it since Christmas so still finding out what it is capable of but like the ability to set alarm and music quality is very good.


  This is my first Echo for wasn't sure that I would like it! But I love it except it doesn't blue tooth into the speaker I have! The sound quality from the for is quite good though. All in all happy. Can't wait to connect my smart plugs no more coming home to the house in darkness!


  Use mostly to listen to music. The sound is pretty good. No problems at all.


  My Google home mini seems far more advanced and does everything better, but I got this on offer for £9 so can't complain.


  The perfect music companion.


  So far we have only used Alexa  for Music.. We disconnect it after use  and find very little use for it otherwise.


  Good little speaker, te heather grey goes well with my front room and the alexa dot works very well.speaker quality is surprising and good from the unit however i am using the 3.5mm jack on the back to feed my home cinema system, alexa is responsive.Only issue i have with these products is hard to get info and instructions for different features. spent a lot of time researching how to do things.


  Works well unless you change your router and then it's very difficult to resolve.


  I purchased this on Prime day and, I have to say, it is an amazing bit of kit. Great value Amazon, well done!!


  Not bad haven't had it long, so still in early stages but so far so good.


  Not really got anything to interact it with, was a Christmas present. Seems like you have to pay for everything it uses.


  Love my new Echo Dot, plays music that I want, can ask Alexa anything, really like.


  Don’t like that you have to subscribe for music I use it most for news and weather


  For music and the weather it's brilliant but ask it a question it never knows the answer lol.


  Really handy for setting reminders, love the daily quiz question and easy to play music haven’t figured out how to get it to recognise my Spotify yet though


  i love my alexa and so does the dog lol i did find it a little difficult setting it up but now im going to get another one for the bedroom i cant wait to start experimenting with all the features, i live alone and am physicaley disabled it has added a new dimenstion to my life ! (sorry for the spelling).


  Good sound from small speaker. Only big issue I have had with it recently is linking up both the Dot and Echo Plus speakers for the Everywhere link for multi room listening. I cant keep my phone connected to WiFi and have Spotify play in mulit room. It is only when I use 4G that it will strangely pick up the Everywhere link.


  It sounds much warmer than the previous model, but not that impressed by the look. Not something I would want to install in a kitchen for instance.


  Don't always get what you ask for,but it's good quality sound and it's fun


  This item is a novelty. It is good to play music although this is an extra.  But I do not use it as much as I had expected.  If I had a smart house it would be good to control the heating, lighting etc.


  She not always the sharpest pencil in the box! gets it right more often than not (as long as you frame the question in way she understands)


  Easy to set up and use; could get used to this but would need to join a gym as it could make you very lazy!!


  Love Alexa my first one! So really not going to write loads the music alone is great for me and the skills that you can add look cool, the only downside so far is she keeps getting stuck in the trivia game and will not quit, Kees resuming the old game. So disabled the skill.


  Very impressed with my echo dot. It is very simple to set up. I was surprised at the sound quality. It's not quite good enough to be my main speaker, but I am considering getting another Amazon speaker.


  I find repeating myself to alexa worse that repeating myself talking to my kids... Highly frustrating... Sounds great tho and radio stations like 6music and radio5live are a must.


  I bought this product due my voice been limted,thought might hear me better,which cant always pick voice up.


  Useful for everyday tasks.


  It's really good you can use the amazon echo dot in different rooms and most of the time it can hear you , which is pretty good. not much too say i give it 4 stars only because you have to pay for amazon music in order to listen to music which is very annoying and defeats the whole purpose of buying a speaker in the first place.


  It’s great fun my son who has learning difficulties loves it he can play music on it without having to ask me to do it for him can turn the landing light on which is a life saver for me I hate going upstairs in the dark


  This is my 3rd one and my daughter got one too. Really useful and convenient


  I set the echo dot up but I found trying to get the radio stations I wanted was harder than I imagined because I don't have Amazon music - I assumed because I have apple music it would be ok.  There are still some playlists it won't play.  I haven't had time to really sit down and program it.


  The unit is actually perfect . And apart from the rumours of it listening to your conversations, if you have nothing to hide, Why are folks getting all bent out of shape. The sound Quality is amazing considering it’s size. Best purchase for me in the last year.


  Impressed with sound quality. Lots of questions to get it to answer, plus helping emails from Amazon.


  Sometimes can be frustrating as you have to speak really clearly but on the whole very good


  Great product for lazy people like me. Very easy to use. Only problems are that sometimes voice recognition gets confused. Also have 2 devices and sometimes I ask for something to play and the other device plays despite being in another room.


  I seem to be automatically signed in to Amazon Music? Why don't I get a choice .


  Fab little gizmo, from setting timers to alarms. Really need to add in when considering buying, some means of playing whatever song you fancy  at that time.Have presently got amazon music for free for 90 days which is needed to get the full benefits from the echo dot (In my opinion ). Four stars as need to pay a monthly charge for ongoing music but a really nifty gadget.


  The Alexa voice is muffled compared to music or radio even after setting eq ,the whole thing needs more treble


  A solid well weighted piece of tech!Great fun, my wife loves it.Just got to get to grips with all it can do.


  Still learning what it can do. So far I've been impressed with how you can make phone calls with it and how quickly it can answer questions. It's a shake the hue light bulbs are so expensive.


  Very easy to set up and to use. It is incredible how easy Alexa becomes part of your vocabulary. A good buy.


  Not really worth the full asking price as almost no instructions or information on how to integrate with Amazon Firestick.


  Used by my kids works well


  I already had a echo chamber i bought the echo dot to put in bedroom to contact together i pay for amazon music but i cant play it threw dot as i have to pay for this option so there not good to join together as a hive mind unless you’re willing to pay two lots of subscriptions so i wouldn’t recommend buying a second unit


  A must have in every home


  This is one of a number of echo units i have and the setup did't work properly, she is still being awkward.


  Great gadget fun to use .


  More useful than first expected. Not just a novelty afterall. The app would benefit a UX  overhaul


  Got 2 of these  love them. One in bedroom and one in lounge.  Use for music mainly


  It was a gift my family enjoy it we might start buying smart light bulbs soon 


  Great little product wish I had got this new one rather then the old type on a free deal. The speaker better and looks better Jean the first gen


  Love that I can tell it what to do while I’ve got my hands busy cooking but it doesn’t find Spotify playlists very easily.


  Personally before I bought this I had a google home and I thought it was great, but then my dad bought one of these and told me about it, so I bought it and gave it a try and I loved it, it’s far easier to set up and more efficient at most tasks I ask it to do and the app is considerably easier to navigate and use compared to google home I would recommend this instead of a google home


  I have an amazon prime account and i bought this for my wife as she like listening to music and was a special deal with £10 off so bought it. The Echo Dot works well but sound quality is not great. I wish i went for echo plus. But overall a great device for the price.


  Well made, looks nice, works fine - I just can't find anything to do wit it!


  I was given this for Christmas and as yet have only used it to get local radio but it is much better for that than the radio.


  Works well and speaker is clear just wasn’t aware you could only use specific music apps not including YouTube or a regular Spotify account only a premium and unlimited amazon music but still worth getting especially as an amazon prime user


  Great addition to my homeEasy to use and set upNot big or chunky so doesn't take up much roomGot it for 99p wheb brought in conjuction with amazon music subscription. Cancelled the subscription when product arrived and will see if i will repurchase this once subscription has ended


  Love my alexa just wish she actually knew things and wasnt so ignorant..


  I liked quickly getting answers to questions and music  playing.  I need to get her to memorise material I think of at night and replay in the morning - but not managed ths so far.


  Really enjoying using my Alexa. A great present to treat someone


  The only area I am not 100% happy with is Alexa's follow on interaction. Googles assistant listens for follow up questions and has several different comments when you say thank you, without saying "OK Google" again.


  Have bought 2 now, and for the price, smart speaker. 2nd one bought for my 12 yesr old who loves it. Have to repeat commands sometimes


  Found it not to be very loud


  Happy with this as I can have just want I want to listen to when I like!


  Good product.Good price


  I like the interface but do not like the fact that I can’t play any of my existing music and must sign up to an expensive streaming service to listen to music.


  Seems to have settled down quickly.  Always available but we haven't got used to it yet!


  Great idea however Alexa's listening and comprehension skill need fine tuning. She frequently mishears


  Easy to set up and use . Very good value. Sadly did not receive my free amazon music trial as advertised


  Great and linking them so you can do an announcement. Upstairs n down.


  Love our Dot. Quick delivery. Badly packaged, torn with no packing inside box.


  Good to have around the house.Sometime Echo is a bit mutton though 


  very clever product but i do wonder if it is listening to our conversations


  Particularly happy with the sound quality relative to earlier Echo Dots.


  Took a little longer than expected to set up but daughter very happy with it in her own room


  Really like Alexa,Sometimes it doesn’t understand what I mean and I have to be really specific, but apart from that I’m liking. For the price it’s such a great product.


  There are a lot of things that she doesn’t understand and just says: “I don’t have an answer for that”, I believe it needs improving. It’s good for music (good sound) but sometimes you need to raise your voice to give her commands because otherwise, she won’t respond. I believe it’s not wireless, so that’s a shame...


  You have to pay for some of the music packages I.e. spotify, apple music etc. Does not always understand the question  you may be asking.


  This was a Christmas present. It is upstairs in the bedroom. Good to use instead of watching the TV.


  This has been brought for us as my husband has been diagnosed with Alzheimers and he uses this daily to check on day date time and weather. Alexa plays his favourite songs when asked and sometimes for reminders. I have also found it comes in handy for shopping lists and we are still finding new ways to use her skills.


  This was a Christmas gift to my wife, she thinks it is very useful.


  Love the Alexa we use the help to sleep each night really gets you relaxed


  Great gadget loads of uses.Voice recognition can sometimes  not work


  Very easy to set up and use , reasonable sound quality , could have provided more information with regards to apps


  Due to reason  I use Alexa to help me in every day activities  it is so good


  Its does not seem to work in conjunction with the fire TV stick for playing back films. Good as a speaker for music though


  Better looking, better sound and just as good at picking up your voice as the second generation dot. Well worth paying extra for the newer version


  I was thrilled when I was given an Alexa dot as a birthday gift but worried I would find it difficult to set up, as it was I had no trouble doing so. I love being able to listen all kinds of music, set an alarm and ask questions to Alexa using nothing more than my voice. As I live on my own the sound of another voice is also a bonus.


  Sound isnt as good as I'm used to with my plus but for the price it's amazing.


  Love it . Like to watch my husband arguing with alexa on daily basis lol


  Upgraded as it has a much better sound. Alexa still gets confused. Would love it to have the option to change the voice to HAL 9000......


  Grand appliance,worth the price paid.


  Alexa  cannot always understand my Yorkshire dialect,of course this is not Alexa's fault,on the other hand  I am starting to talk "Alexa".


  Still getting to know the full possibilities of this device, looks promising but. getting too long in the. teeth to exspect a great. advance in knowledge.


  It's a good device, only just started using it's skills but I like what I have found so far.


  Fun little gadget to have around the home - we have probably not exploited its full potential yet, but still found it useful.


  Bought this for the bedroom  i have amazon music  thought i would be able to use it with the dot as well but need to upgrade  i think once youve got the music it shud be used on othere devices in your home without extra charges  i wo t upgrade as its not worth £9.99 a month so will just get music from radio


  Great value for money and sound quality


  Love the product, ended up not using it as much as I thought I would, sound quality is great for the price. Perfect for listening to music in a small room.


  When I first used it I asked it to play music from 70's and went to work. I thought it would stay on all the time I was out but it didn't so I now ask for a radio station while I'm out and it works.


  It’s lovely I drifted off to sleep whilst listening to sounds of a rainforest.


  My hubby loves Alexa, they can chat for ages, he's loving having his old music on tap


  Purchased as a present recipient seems very pleased so far


  It’s early days yet but works well with Hive so far. Fairly average sound quality for listening to music or radio but it is a small device.


  This is my 4th purchase. I love these little speakers, sound quality is ok for the size of the device and she is always there to help me with my questions.


  Radio stations. Timer, question, dont like the way it some times comes on and says sorry couldn't find that and no has said anything


  Still trying to fully integrate with all my devices, can't seem to get the Bluetooth to work properly. will update in the future.


  I got this an an xmas prezzie i was very scepticle about talking to a grey round doughnut on the kitchen worktop ! I wouldnt be without it now it is so good for me as a single person . Rather than watch tv at nights and weekends  just as the present giver told me i would be well impressed. And yes well sweet and useful


  Love the fact that I can now have sound in the kitchen and the bedroom- not mastered how to link them all together though!


  I must admit not done too much with the echo dot as yet,but has been great fun finding out what it can do.It reacts to both my voice and anybody else who is in the room.I am definately going to explore its uses more when I get the time.


  Not sure why I hadn’t got one sooner.


  Good product . Recommend it but you need amazon prime to enhance your usage


  Excellent for inter Room communications, general announcements and gadget control. Music quality pretty good considering it’s size, There are plenty of add on devices like a base box to make that better, or you could use the auxiliary port to connect to an existing speaker


  Need of instructions  voice not distinctive  but so far very pleased  sound quality good  but still feeli g my way around


  fine really... for me though, the sound quality could be better, sounds like the tone is turned right down.....i asked it to turn the tone up but it just highered the volume! ...on the more positive side, it's compact &  neat & has answered (practically) all questions put to it ..  money wise, you can't grumble really ,  but you get what you pay for!


  Very impressed with the sound. Disappointed because I thought 3rd generation had digital clock display. Some services good but too much relies on subscription.


  3rd generation is a much better build and improved sound quality when compared to earlier models.Looking forward to more technical capability rather than having to attach to third party hubs etc.


  Nice product. Feels good quality and has decent sound for the size if it.


  I use it for music, radio, weather. And find it good.


  Only really use it for music, sounds good and integrates with Spotify well.


  Excellent , controls light, music and lots more. Money well spent .


  Whilst I love it, I’d like to be able to personalise it more. I don’t use it as much as I thought I would, but that’s mostly because my husband hates it.


  Love the product.  Easy to set up.  Great sounds, plays radio, tells jokes etc.  Don't like the fact that you have to pay £9.99 a month to select your own music.  The ongoing costs should be more up front.


  So far Alexa, has worked out better than I thought it would, well worth getting one, depending on how big your house is more


  Good overall but can't get Alexa to understand the request for BBC radio 2. Very annoying


  shame the spotify app needs to have premium account to work without another connected device  wish some of the commands were more easily communicated and recognized  uk roads always gives a all clear report even when road works are present and delays other than these observations it is brilliant


  Small fits well in my conservatory, a good present from my son.


  I prefer the full Echo device rather than this one as the sound quality is better, but this is a good fit for a bedroom.


  Good for timers and listening to music by a radio choice or 70’s music etcCan call from Echo Dot to Echo Dot direct.


  One star missing for the complete lack of guidance setting up amazon music family plan . Dead easy to set up the echo , setting up the music is a different story . Basic step by step guide needs to be on the website somewhere , and reading all the blogs I’m clearly not alone !


  Setting up was an issue and I was already stressed out. But Alexa came through!


  Love this for the purpose but still dubious on how much the devices listen to your conversations and then show you adverts on the things you talk about next time you go on your phone.


  Took a while to set up as instructions not very clear and to follow a YouTube video in the end


  What can I say that hasn't been said before.... It's good and does what it says it can


  Its a good product for the money, but why does it always shout at me that its connected to my computer, ipod et al?I kknow its connected I can hear the ruddy music playing.Amazon are aware but don't appear intrested in fixing this.


  This was bought as a Christmas present and I thought it would be a 5 minute wonder but it is used every day and is very useful


  Fun addition to home. News and music readily available.


  I love it. Packed up my Radio.Now listen to any station with Alana. Just wish It would connect to My external Bluetooth speaker


  The only thing I really don’t like about it is the American accent.


  Bargain,should have bought one sooner ,surprised at the sound quality from this little speaker ,don’t use voice calling tbh ,just online radio and streaming music ,perfect for both and so much quicker, easier than pairing a phone to a Bluetooth speaker


  Brilliant in the bedroom radio when you want it same as the music and also there for any questions. And of cause we have the echo 2 in the front room


  Good for playing amazon music if you have amazon prime or radio stations via the bbc or tune in skills. Amazon music doesn’t have all the artist I like but a decent range. Play Audible free audio books or read standard kindle books in Alexas voice. Can now make free phone calls to all mobiles or landlines but only receive calls with certain Vodafone plans.


  Great sound and seems to recognize words. Easy to set up. Tide Times on an island would be helpful, rather than those on the main land! Needs a better service for this one.


  Like everything as is help my children's with entertainment, learning, activities


  Talk slow cos shes likely to get confused and always say Alexa 1st


  Good to have her company but wish her responses were less aligned with the US and more towards the UK.


  it takes a few attempts for Alexa to follow instructions could be better


  It is a very good smart device and it did a great job, fully controlled by home lights and ring products but the sound is not beautiful as expected, hope next version of echo dot will be enhanced.


  Looks very nice. Not so good when asked a question. But hood as an additional speaker. Connects to spotify.


  I like how easy it is to set up and use, and that’s it small and discreet


  Fairly easy to set up. So far haven't purchased any extras. Brilliant with Amazo Music


  Brilliant little device and even better when purchased on offer ! Slight disadvantage against the larger ones for sound quality and response but it's used perfectly for purpose and when you work out the Alexa app, this is a fine addition to my smart accessories


  Very good piece of equipment to have if you have very little space.


  Need to speak louder than the regular echo, sound strugles with bass


  had it bought me for present.  Very quick on answering questions


  Came with American accent so needed to change this, not as good as my others for some reason, often have to repeat


  First thoughts 'Another bloody gadget' and left alone for many months.  Now, though not fanatics, do appreciate it, finding both wife, Margaret, and myself using it most days.


  I like the Echo Dot. I only use it for certain things. I don’t know if you can stream music through it from other devices, but if you could it would make it much better. Having to subscribe to Amazon music just to listen to what want is quite annoying, especially if it’s not on there.


  Great product. An intelligent one actually. Lags a bit behind in certain areas though. Sometimes setting a skill set isn’t that straightforward at all.


  Really good speaker for the price, but occasionally when asking for alexa to do something she will just do nothing and when asking for a song to play she was repeat what you say but then play nothing, doesnt happen alot but when it does it can be quite annoying


  Took ages to set up (and already have 2 others).  This wants to default to another WiFi which was not secure.  Now it is set up very happy with it


  Responds quite quickly and is neat addition to the home.Would recommend


  It's portable, easy to set up and use. Great for music, weather forecasts general questions etc.The sound is adequate, with no distortion even on max volume. Don't forget it's not a super expensive Hi Fi system so don't expect it to be. Overall I'm very happy with the unit.


  Does have a problem with some radio stations and does not pick them up .


  Only downside was Christmas day with everybody trying to log on there new units we couldn't play any music as it struggled to find anything


  Was a bit sceptical at first. But the product arrived on time. Smartly packaged and clear instructions for setting up. Its an amazing little item and packs a punch. What did i do before Alexa :)


  Works well no problems and don't need to be a technical genius to set it up.


  Works fine but the sound quality is a big step down compared with Echo Show or other products.


  Alexia has some voice repeating issue When not in use


  Great addition for another room


  Does the job, but often asking additional question as NOT sure, which device is referred to.  Not many funny answers which you get from Google, but often you hear "I don't know that"


  Had a prob with it flashing every 3 secs, thought I would have to reposition it as it was distracting, next morning however it had stopped so ok now


  Great product. The quality of sound really surprised me from such a small item-it’s really good! The only downside so far is sometimes having to repeat questions to Alexa as doesn’t always react on initial commands.


  Love love Alexa. Didnt think it would be so easy to use and full of information. Love that it can find even the most obscure songs from my childhood.


  Still learning what Alexa can and can't do.On reflection might have gone for the bigger version for better sound. But still happy with it.


  I did like the compact size. Ease of use. Liked digging through the skills. Disliked Amazon not having a clue what I'm asking. More local information would be good, it's very London centred.


  I have only had Alexa for a short time so I am still developing its use, but am intrigued and impressed the variety of its skills.


  My husband got this for Christmas present great value for money


  Perfect addition to my large echo using it upstairs mainly for music for music as my 15 month old little girl loves dancing. Very good sound for such a little device, I will be getting another one in the next prime day sale.


  I have had 1st generation since it became available. ..I'm disappointed you can't connect 1st anday 3rd to my Amazon music ?


  Very responsive, and quality sounds. Tells jokes quite good to.


  Excellent. Got it for free with another product a find it really is good. Have downloaded app onto phone too. Will likely get more at some point. Only problem is that it occasionally loses connection to internet and needs resetting


  My grandson set this up for me but still finding my way around it


  Was unsure at first but actually, grown to love routines set up on Alexa! Just wish it was a bit more advanced so I could programme more things simultaneously rather than one of after the other. Really cool though with Phillips Hue!


  She doesn’t hear her name called sometimes,we have to shout


  the only problem i have , because we have bad internet, it disconnects itself all the time, VERY ANNOYING!


  Great product and works well with my Hue lights.Does struggle sometimes to understand what your saying and this needs to be improved.


  It would be 5 stars but for the accent recognition failing too often on Chinese voices otherwise it does what it says on the box.


  Handy to have, easy to use. Big brother is now listening though.


  Voice a bit like she's talking through a tube a bit indefinate

