
  Had come to the crossroads with my iphone 5, the battery was limping along and time to renew, I am very happy with the choice I made, I love the larger screen and with it on zoom it is so much easier to navigate (good for ageing eyes). I opted for 256GB to somewhat future proof, very happy, thank you.


  I am very happy that I bought this phone even though I was quite hesitant before about the low price and chances of it being a refurbished one or one with few damages. But a brand new iPhone7 for this price was obviously a better bet than buying in any other retail outlets or the apple store itself!


  The iPhone 7 is a very good phone as verified by outfits like Which. This supplier delivered in a very short time at a competitive price and it arrived in good order


  I have a PhD in computing and so far I opened this phone and found nothing wrong. The lcd(display) works fine and has no scratches, battery health came at an acceptable rate, it’s 12MP back câmera is absolutely stunning and the 7MP face camera is very cool. I would definetly recomendo you buy this!


  I wanted to go for a light-weight small iPhone again after getting the XS. The 7 is the lightest, smallest and well-supported (wrt iOS updates) that I could find. It does the job.The phone was delivered in one day during the busy Christmas period. I was desperate for it as I was travelling at this time. Almost 2 months now, and it works perfectly, no problems at all. As with small iPhones (and smartphones) the battery doesn't last long if you're running heavy workloads like Fortnite, etc.


  OK this great handset has been around for a while now.I needed a handset that integrated with my Apple stuff and this certainly fitted the bill.Going against the grain I opted for the 32GB model ... my usage of handsets over the years has changed.I still have my Samsung A70 twin SIM with huge memory and a micro SD card ... it's a superb camera but actually too many eggs are in the same basket!Back to the 7 ... the size is better suited to the work I'm doing AND speedwise it's good enough.I like the auto sync over the airwaves so I can even consider losing it without too much mental anguish.I've known this handset since it was launched as my job used to involve configuring and distributing them to hundreds of users - I then looked after them all remotely with MDM tools.Apple did finally wake up and now include wired 'phones with a lightning adaptor... no longer packaging old stock with an adapter.Why follow the big memory big screen crowd when this kit is so good?


  After buying a few phones off Amazon starting with the refurbished models which there were faults on every one i dedeided to buy a new phone from Amazon and as before they never ever let me down,The quality is outstanding and everything works as it should , updated to the latest i/o/s 13.4 with no nproblems at all, definately worth buying a new phone off Amazon as you will not be let down in any waythank you


  Phone looked better than expected for the grade I bought. When had an issue with a phone, recieved a replacement within 72hrs.Great communication. Top job.


  iPhone 7 came in pristine condition (obviously because it was brand new). Plenty of power and storage, screen excellent, battery life is good and gets me through a whole day with around 50% to spare - and I do use it a lot throughout the day. I really cannot fault this phone. Beware buying second hand iPhones - I've made that mistake, so do youself a favour and buy a new one if you can afford to. 5 stars easily.


  I absolutely LOVE my new iPhone 7 & there is nothing not to love about it!  The colour ~ rose gold ~ matches my iPad Pro & looks so smart and the technology & capability of this iPhone is superb.Cannot recommend highly enough & Amazon service was top notch ~  5 STARS 


  Trust is important. It was a phone for my teenage daughter and no complaints from her - This Seller accurately described the item and delivered it on time and what else can I say!!


  I’ve had iPhones since the 5c...in fact I stil have them all, 5c, SE, 6S and now this.It’s fantastic. Amazon did a great deal and really fast delivery. So easy to set up these days it’s almost boring, not having to download apps and copy contacts across like the old days, but make sure you remember all your passwords!


  I finally decided to get a new iPhone, as I had my last for years!This is a lovely looking phone, nice sized screen and yet very light.Easy to get up and running, you can connect your old iPhone to it and off you go.


  Can hardly tell this is a refurb phoneDaughter is so chuffed thankyou


  it's an iphone so of course, that's self explanatory - thanks for the limited amazon flash sale the price was too good to pass up on!


  Bought brand new phone for larger memory 128gb. Same screen size as my old 6S. As with most iPhones the battery life is not as good as it could be but knew this before purchase.


  Very  pleasing  iPhone  with  easy  to  setup  step.  Placed  near  an  Apple  iPad  it  loads  the  complete  contents  of  the  iPad  making  it  operate  like  a  mini  iPad  with  a  phone.


  Everything is working fine so far. Got it a a great price. Awesome camera and good for Youtube watching. It was a present for my son, he wasn't disappointed which was the best part.


  I bought this for my aunt, She already had an iPad and has found this so easy to use.It might not be the latest version but it still works well enough.


  I have recently downgraded from an SE 2020, i couldn't really tell the difference between the two, from a price point perspective, £130 difference. Prefer the Iphone 7 to the SE 2020 and XR, i have had previously.


  Felt like this is how all purchases should be done. Perfect description, and upon arrival the phone was in excellent condition.Great service, strongly recommend and trust this seller.


  all ok, home use only


  Its an iPhone, what’s not to like.


  A fantastic upgrade from my 5s. Arrived on time, brand new and sealed.


  I love it!No probs so far with delivery or phone.,


  So far so good, it does everything that a new iPhone 7 would do very pleased, only draw back is the battery life is not good.


  Just YouTube a review for the iPhone 7, if you are looking to upgrade from an iPhone 6 or lower this will give you a nice upgrade.


  The Best Service from order to delivery & 5 Star iphone, Thank you, Dr Lewis.


  I know these are getting a bit old but they are really good, sturdy phones never had a problem with them


  i am not used to smart phones, but with prompting from the younger element of the family i am beginning to get the hang of the i phone 7!


  I’ve received my phone in excellent condition.Thanks


  This is still a great, modern phone, even a few years after its release. I love it!


  Like the 4G and the processor speed.No dislikes.


  This was a switch from android to Apple.


  Came quickly, brand new with all accessories. Great Buy


  Great phone and up to Apple standards. Came in a good condition. Only complaint (although it’s not really a complaint) is that I preferred my previous IPhone headphones. But in saying that, it’s still good headphones.


  Upgraded fro iPhone 5.  The 7 is superb.  Got this form Apple way below the Apple Store price - its new not a recycled one!  Chose gold because it was so much cheaper and I love it...


  Absolutely fantabulous, so much better than expected. Box was perfect condition everything inside was pristine. Phone is perfect. Definitely recommend to everyone.


  So far so good - working well and reasonably priced.


  At the current time they are really good phones for the price, and they knock socks off any android phone that's at the same price point.


  Very good thank you


  Good price but wish I had waited till prime day but old phone was shot so needed a replacement


  Only bought this item a month ago, but very pleased with it. Hessitant at first to move from Android to iOS but happy I did. Will make sure I write a review in a years' time to see if anything has changed.


  Good product


  Wife love it


  Simply great 


  This was an excellent buy in the prime sale saved so much money excellent birthday present


  I was very happy with this purchase, the phone did come with few scratches but clearly from usage and barely noticeable. I received an email saying that my phone would be delivered on a later date than scheduled, it actually arrived on the day after the email about the delay, which was brilliant! I do recommend this seller!


  As expected good quality


  Works just like an iPhone you'd buy from anywhere else, had for about a year now and no real problems


  Excellent phone


  This phone works great it does everything it should


  Very fast service. Phone is new, 100% packed and unlocked version.Completely satisfied!!


  Good


  Great item, love the DND while driving feature on this phone, saves you having to turn it off when you get in the car.


  Item was as per the description. Had no problems whatsoever, it is a great phone. Very happy and would order from this organisation again.


  I have this phone over month and it’s amazing!!


  Bought as my wife loves hers. Model 7 more than enough to meet my needs - no need for newer model


  Ordered because was a good price for a new i phone 7. Is really good and does all I want it to. Arrived a day early, which was good.


  you don't need a fancy phone this is perfect!


  Great phone


  As usual with iphones this one is easy to use and is packed with functions.


  Excellent brand new 


  Great phone


  Used for general purposes and 'plane spotting


  I am very pleased with this phone, excellent product and service


  It is ok not great


  Very happy with mobile and the service I received.


  Just nice


  Very nice iPhone. Slightly surprised that the battery seems to run down so quickly on a brand new phone.


  Item as described


  Very happy thank you


  I love my new iPhone.


  Bought this as a gift for my wife and she has been absolutely delighted with it


  The product is absolutely fine and as it should be.


  Excellent just as advertised


  Does what it says on the tin and slightly cheaper than retail. Happy days


  Works as expected, good quality, I’m very happy with this purchase. I’ve been using it for three months and cannot complaint.


  Brilliant as usual first class product love it


  Very good. I know it’s not new but it’s looks new 


  I don't want any other phone now! This is everything I need! Conected with macbook is awesome!


  Very attractive looking phoneworks


  Very pleased with this phone everything perfect, you could not tell it was refurbished, definitely buy from this company againThank you


  Great phone for Xmas present x


  Nice box presentation... very good product...nothing damage...


  All good


  iPhone 7 a still good choice


  Arrived in sealed box, brand new as advertised.


  heatingup like a lava


  Better than the Samsung I had


  Love this phone so easy to use


  product arrives at an unexpected good condition. It's just like a new one, with only a few fingerprint on the screen. Very good product with very reasonable price.


  awesome awesome product


  It’s 3 years on and I still have her! Can’t fault it.


  2nd hand but looked brand new. works fine.


  Great phone as expected.


  as expected, like brand new


  Absolutely over the moon with this purchase . Perfect condition works brilliant . Quick delivery . Thank you


  Everything was fine as described. Good price, quality, etc. Overall I am very happy with the seller. Thank you.


  in time i like it


  Loving the phone, fast delivery and simple


  Awesome purchase. The product came quickly and exactly as described. Happy customer :)


  As described


  I love everything about it. Works like any other iPhone but the battery life sucks :/


  Great phone brand new comes with everything from a apple box


  Amazingly quick delivery for it not being Prime. Amazing quality, no damage to box or phone. Just brilliant!


  Great phone, easy to use


  An excellent phone at a good price


  Excellent quality


  Quick delivery, well protected packaging.The phone was exactly as described and I am really happy with whole experience


  Great phone, quick delivery!


  Said used acceptable ... not a scratch maybe refurb? ... easy used like new! Not anymore  cheers 


  Couldn’t be happier. Brand new boxed and sealed I phone 7. Decent price


  Excellent condition, will buy it again


  This phone was for my son who was very happy with it. It arrived very quickly and the price was very good.


  iPhone 7, just like the rest.


  Really good and does the job!!!


  Excellent phone with prestige. Has all the necessary details.


  Good price


  brand new iphone


  So happy with the phone! Arrived quickly.


  Exactly what it said on the tin!


  Messaging and gaming


  Love my new phone thanks amazon


  Thanks, the phone is perfect. My brother loves it


  V fast delivery, brand new phone working perfectly


  Marvlous


  Really impressed not a mark on it and couldn’t be more pleased did send a pair of wired earphones though and there is no headphone jack 


  Item well packaged brand-new. Phone unlocked, put in my Sim and it worked straight away. Very pleased with it.


  Great product, as expect from the iPhone.


  Just as I was expecting. 


  Brilliant phone


  5 stars


  All as expected


  Deadly phone lads


  Love this phone.


  very good device..


  The phone is in a perfect condition, I really enjoy using it


  Great item


  Amazing. Love the phone ugraded from a 5s and would never go back, would really recommend


  Excellent performance


  Loving it. Perfect mobile for my needs!


  Haven't used it yet it's a Xmas present


  Nice


  Very pleased with purchase.  Arrived on time. Fantastic.


  Great phone. Perfect condition. Would buy again


  Great phone and quickest delivery ever!


  It’s exactly what is. How it was described.Pleased of my Iphone 7 purchase.


  As advertised, no issues, good buy


  Amazing product.  My son over the moon with it.


  Product as described, satisfied


  Excellent quality


  Great and and in almost new!


  Excellent condition, very pleased


  Excellent - well pleased


  Worked perfect


  Brilliant machine


  Phone as described long live and prosper thanks


  great prodcut arrived on time.


  Great phone


  cant see much different to 6. But my 6 stopped working so needed a replacement


  Love it


  Everything as described


  Very good quality ! Thanks !


  I love my iPhone 7


  Product as described and dispatched quickly :)


  Perfect


  Good


  nice looking


  Perfect!!!!!!


  Excellent


  Just needed an upgrade on a new iPhone not a fan of the iPhone x because of the problems it has and no point in getting a iPhone 8 plus because of the phone back being made of glass if the back of the phone gets shattered apple will not fix it just like they won’t fix the iPhone x if the back gets shattered on that and i am not a fan of overly big phones so was not going for the iPhone 7 Plus because i like to have a phone that will fit in my pocket so I went for the iPhone 7 i love the home button on this phone it doesn’t have the same clicking as it does on older iPhones it just simulates the feel of the home button by vibrations which I really like great phone nice and comfortable to hold


  Great stuff


  Bought this for my niece and she's delighted with it. It more than meets her expectations and the 256 GB WILL be needed for all the creative things she's able to use the phone for that she never realised she could do with it. She's at college doing an Animation Course so is able to do some of her work on the phone. Her iPad packed in and this phone "almost" replaces that for many things, so it's not just being used as a phone and it's NOT for random Selfies!!!Unlikely that most folk would need 256 GB, but smaller memories available cheaper. I could not find the 256 GB version elsewhere, but this seemed a very good price compared to elsewhere for iPhone 7s with less memory.Whether this is the right phone for you, depends on your needs, so do your homework first to get the right model or it could be an expensive mistake.I'm glad I chose this iPhone 7 with the huge 256 GB memory for her and was happy with the price. It arrived promptly, no problems and I was happy with the seller. If this is for you, I would recommend 


  After searching for a sim free iPhone 7 for a few weeks, I can across this deal on Amazon. The quoted price was fantastic and even paying a bit more for express delivery, I was still making a significant saving for the phone spec I wanted. Ordered on a Wednesday evening, received acknowledgment of the order nearly immediately. Then received a despatch notice on Thursday to say the phone would be with me on Friday morning with the specific time frame window given. Delivery came as specified and if I could give three thumbs up, I would. Keep up the good work.


  Excellent Phone.  I don't need to tell people about the features of this, Apple know what there doing with the IPhone franchise.Looks Sleek, Easy to Use, Hold Charge Well and Functions are brilliant.  I use this for work and home can not fault it.


  I’ve converted from android and could not be happier should have done it sooner. I purchased a new silver 256gb iPhone sim free, it was so easy to pop into o2 to change the sim for an iPhone up and running within minutes. Seller was very quick to send by courier arrived within a couple of days in time for concert and was able to get some great sounding video.


  Even if I do buy stuff quite regularly on Amazon, I wasn't very keen on buying something so expensive. In the end I went for it, and I'm very glad I did. Great buy, excellent product, first class service. I would definitely buy again from this seller, and I would definitely recommend it to everyone....


  Just as described. The phone is in excellent condition, unlocked and works perfectly. Can hardly tell it's been used.


  I bought this for my wife. Considering that there are millions of reviews on the iPhone 7 and owning one myself, I don't think there is a need to review the product. The quality, packaging and delivery from the seller was excellent. No problems with the device so far and a real happy wife at home. Thanks


  Perfect phone. Packaged well.


  Very happy with this product. I wasn't convinced whether or not I should buy it from the Apple Store, but I made the right choice. No a single problem so far


  Great phone works well


  Great price for unlocked phone


  Item as described, good price, prompt and secure delivery.


  Arrived days earlier than I thought which was fantastic. Exactly as said but somehow seemed even better in my eyes.Fantastic service, would definitely recommend to everyone.


  Its an amazing device. Thank you for such a great product.


  Excelent purchase would reccomend


  Good product, great service.


  Quick delivery nice phone


  It was what I expect.


  I'm quite impressed and satisfied as I've passed on my IPhone 6 to my son.This is sim free so will pay for itself over 12 months


  Excellent


  All good


  Apple did it again!!!! Hats of people!!! It's the best phone on the market, I used to have Samsung s7 but no android is as intuitive as this iPhone. Camera is surprisingly clear and crisp. Interface is fast like Sheldon Cooper after coffee :) amazing attention to the detail made this bad boy not only beautiful but silky smooth to the touch to. What a phone?!? Is it expensive? Yes it is but as we all know if we won't pay the price we are left with sloppy seconds. It's worth the money!!!


  Very decent and just people I will recommend and nothing changes thanks again


  Had this iPhone in silver got it in 2017 and it worked perfectly until may of 2019 when the battery has started to die quickly the s8 has better battery life than the iphone


  I am happy


  Says what it says on the tin unlocked brand new iphone 7 sealed in box


  NA


  i can use Indian sim in this phone


  Perfect!


  Got great discount


  Very good phone, good practical use and works much faster than the previous models.


  Bought this phone fromMusicmagpie fantastic company to deal with . Would recommend to anyone


  It is so gooooooood by it just keep 


  I bought this for my daughter and she looooved it. I would definitely buy this one for myself in future when my pocket allows lol!


  let me try it out and I can then promote it on my massive Instagram account


  good!


  Love this item


  thank u


  Good


  good deal


  Good


  Having had the iPhone 5 and 6 both in muted colours I decided to be more girly with the rose gold, a bit disappointed that it is more pink in colour. Sound is much better with the dual speakers at the bottom and the camera seems much better than the 6 although I am no expert photos appear to have more clarity and battery life is really good.


  I am really impressed with the iPhone 7. The new phone is really zippy and fast at what it does. The best feature me personally is the waterproofing. I think this is a great move by Apple, its a real shame there is no wireless as most phones today have this feature.Now i owned a iPhone 4, 5s, and 6, so this was an obvious upgrade. I know many people say its a 6s but yes your right it looks like a 6s, and that's where it ends. Hardware is upgraded and camera and IOS10 is brilliant there is a few features that i like more on IOS9. But hey ho. It works wonderfully.As for the whole no headphone jack i am really not bothered and has made no difference to me. You get a little connector so you use that. I tend to use bluetooth with my speaker. So again has not been an issue.I have noticed a difference in battery life. not ground breaking. but its about tweaking the settings and you can get a good 2 days life of heavy use i do. The box it comes in is a nice and posh box.The headphones though the little connector are the same as the other ones. So the connector makes no difference. So overall if your a die hard Apple fan then its a must.I look forward to the Anniversary Edition next will look. But this is certainly a good phone. And well recommended. I cant really find much negatives. I suppose the battery life could of been better. As they made so much its going to have a bigger battery because there is no headphone.So lastly if your iPhone 5s or 6 owner its an obvious upgrade. But if you have 6s owner then maybe not really benefiting only the waterproofing.Comment |


  Instead of the iPhone 6S, with just a 3D Touch screen in the way of new features and a few power boosts here and there, we'd have had a waterproof handset with dual speakers, a brighter and more colorful screen and a boosted 12MP camera that took better pictures than the one on the iPhone 6.Changing the home button from a clickable entity to something that responds to pressure – and possibly even the loss of the headphone jack – would have been seen as innovative and alternative in a sea of identikit handsets.And if Apple had thrown in the new Jet Black finish with a top-end 256GB storage model… well, that would have been a real challenger, a chance for the brand to cast off the 'tick-tock' mentality of keeping the smaller upgrades confined to the S variants, and remind us that it just makes great phones.


  Arrived very quickly and as specified. Delighted with the product.


  I got fed up with my Lumia 650 losing Wi-Fi, being generally sluggish and (okay, I know it sounds a bit weak...) the Facebook never working properly. I gave Microsoft many months to sort Windows 10 mobile out but they haven't, and I somehow suspect they can't, despite being the world's largest software company.So I bit the bullet. I bought an iPhone 7 (32gb) - not from Amazon, unusually for me, because so far their pricing isn't good. I'm sure it will be - so Carphone Warehouse got my money.The phone is a revelation to me. Everything works so well, I'd forgotten what "works" means regarding mobile phones. Apps open instantly, the internet never fails and pages load almost magically quickly. The phone and the whole experience feels a million dollars (as it should at the price!), and - despite what the other reviewer says - 32gb seems plenty to me for my general kind of usage. If you were downloading movies and songs, taking lots of videos then I expect the 128gb version would be a sensible buy. I doubt I'll ever regret saving myself another £100.00 on top of an already obscene amount for what - a phone! Okay - it's vastly more than a phone!! It's easy to move photos to your PC now and again if space becomes limited, and MP3s really don't take up that much space. I think the 32gb version would suit many users - if you have the money!It's a stunning piece of kit. Well done Apple. To criticise the screen resolution by comparing it to a Samsung might technically be fair, but practically, this screen looks amazing. The colours are brilliant and the sharpness is as much as the eye can make out so far as I can see. Also, my last android phone left me in despair with so many updates and fiddling around. I came to the conclusion that android was a phone system designed by computer geeks and not made for people who  want simplicity. The iPhone is made for easy usage and does all  that could be imagined in a mobile phone.


  Great device


  Genuine iPhone and not the chinese copy or refurb.


  Amazing upgrade compared to my 5C. Camera quality is outstanding and matte black finish is great. Only cons, battery life could be improved and diminishes significantly faster in hotter conditions. Also still getting used to lack of headphone jack.


  Bought through a warehouse deal and it arrived looking like a brand new phone.  Summer 2019 and the 7 still feels like a great phone and works as fast as I could use - very happy.


  This was amazing value for your money A good looking phone and brand spanking new.You have to be prepared to follow your own tutorials on you tube or get yourself a goodnext door neighbour with expertise  during this  lockdown.  Thank you so much.


  So far so good with this phone. I read some of the other reviews and was a bit wary but the price was really good on amazon prime day.  I am very happy so far with this phone.


  Literally as new. Unused headphones, proper official charger, perfectly boxed. Not a scratch on the thing and everything works as it should. Well impressed for what I paid. Arrived the next day as stated. Highly recommended!


  Does what is says on the box it's a iphone 7 bought to replace a second hand one which was getting a bit dodgy this works a treat so it shoulds for 500 quid


  Brilliant iPhone, thank you! Love playing wizards unite on it out and about which is what I use it for mainly.


  Quick delivery. Only had 2 days so maybe a bit early for review. Working perfectly so far.


  Great product and so easy to use ! Totally what I would expect of Apple !!!x


  Very happy with this phone highly recommend works fantastic fast delivery perfect


  I had only upgraded from a 5, but for the price I think it’s a ‘no brainer’ if you want a new iPhone. I’m very pleased with it and the price


  I love Apple products. iPhone 7 purchased at good price. New.  Posted overseas. Very happy with service and phone!


  Great phone - smaller size which I like - camera very good, great pictures


  Love the fact it battery lasts longer then 12 hours!


  a good all round phone pleased with my purchase.


  Excellent, prefer this phone to all others


  Love the phone better than my IPhone 8(64GB).


  Great new replacement phone for my Daughter.


  Great phone that is built to Apples high standards, the price is just right and my daughter loves it


  Got this for my daughter for Christmas. She loves it. Good seller good pbone


  Upgraded from an iPhone 4 - what a difference. What can you say - it's an Apple


  Love my new iPhone -7


  One of the best iPhones.


  Great phone, very happy so far!


  Phone was as new and still had 6 month warrantee on it


  It’s apple so all great


  This is an excellent phone for a retired person and moves quickly from app to app.


  Great phone, to replace another.


  top deal


  Phone as new , very pleased , would buy again , arrived early ,,


  I have bought ''like new'' iPhone 7 128gb and I am really happy with it so far! Only a minor scratch on the back of the phone, battery works well.


  Great phone and speedy delivery with fantastic service, I cannot fault it.


  As described


  Good


  Love iPhones. Great product and service from amazon


  Great phone and delived on time very satisfied an


  Brand new phone


  Wifey happy with kimbo present unmarked


  Up to now it great got thumb print to open phone


  Love it


  genuine article at a good price


  does what it says on the tin


  highly recommend fantastic phone my son loves it


  Product arrived on time and at very high quality. Their correspondence was also very quick and efficient.


  great


  I really like this sleek phone.


  I am very happy with my product, over the moon!


  Arrived promptly after 3 days from order. Product exactly as described & working beautifully.


  very nice.


  Will recccon this!  U can trust..


  Amazing product and service.


  Nothing bad to say but I loved apple products for years


  Arrived next day and as described. Very pleased so far.


  Brought it for my daughter who has not been off it since. Thank you


  The phone came as good as brand new, without a scratch, perfect.


  Very fast shipping. Phone came with perfect condition, just had a small scratch on camera glass, but its ok for usage. Thank you.


  Great phone.


  item is as described, and works great


  excellent


  Came exactly as expected.


  Arrived promptly and all in order.


  Brilliant, fast, rock solid software performance, outstanding battery life.


  Item arrived as expected. Setting up was hassle free and moving data from one phone to another was as easy and 1-2-3. Great phone that will hopefully last me a while. Price a little steep but what can be done about that?!


  Received my iPhone 2days early. It’s a thing of beauty. So pleased I bought it. If I can give it more than five stars I would. Would recommend. Thank you amazon.


  Brand new iPhone 7 .very happy with deal.


  The wife loves it. I'm saying nothing.


  nice looking phone which does everything


  it working well, this is the important thing for this kind of order


  This came within a few days. Has a minor scratch on screen but like a brand new phone very happy!!!


  i love u


  I bought the I phone 7 last year. Having always stuck to the Apple phones, I knew what to expect.This phone has practical 4.7 inch screen which is perfect if you’re looking for something smaller yet high quality and capable of numerous tasks.The physical design is sleek, and as with all Apple products of a high quality.Excellent ;camera, screen, audio, speed.If you’re looking at buying this phone now, I’d suggest the new iPhone SE- 2020 model. It’s practically the same but with a faster processor and around the same price, and it’s newer- meaning Apple will support the phones software for much longer.


  I find this phone to be a bit compercated. I used to own a IPHONE 6s which I found to be brilliant.Until it died. I use my phone everyday and both that one and the one before it the IPHONE 5s only seem to last a year with me, where most of my friends have had them two or three years.The reason I stay with these phones is because their security is very good and they are not Android.


  After owning an iPhone 5 for a few years and being a big fan of the iOS system I decided to upgrade to this the iPhone 7. I am not disappointed. The transfer of data, settings and services from old to new was seamless. The iPhone 7 is faster, with a brilliant camera and built in speaker. Battery life is good considering how much I use it durythe day and the screen is sharp and vibrant.


  Great product at a great priceExcellent conditionNetwork unlockedNo cause if concernThanks for your prompt delivery and answers to my queries


  A brand new, in unopened box, iPhone 7 for under £300!  I suppose matt black is not a popular colour which maybe accounts for the silly price.  As the phone is for a blind person, the colour doesn't matter anyway!  Very pleased.


  For me this Iphone does all it says, battery life has been very good as has everything else. Have silver model , good appearanceWith 128GB might not need any iCloud spacePlease note I have only had phone for 2 months so would expect everything to be good.Delivery on time and easy to track


  Amazing phone at excellent price and purchase plan from Amazon.Made losing an iPhone a little less of a tragedy.Amazon should always be first place to check for proposed purchases.


  Only received the phone a few ago but so far very pleased with my purchase.everything is working.easy to set up.would recommend ir

