
  The phone I received works well and is fine, but the charging cables they are sending out are incompatible with iPhones. I assumed the first one I received was defective so asked for another one, but this still did not charge my iphone. I would advise looking elsewhere if you want to purchase a phone that comes with a working charger.


  The phone works alright, is slow at times. The camera lens fall off after the first couple days, and when on speaker people can’t hear me on the phone


  Phone works well, it came in a plain box with an unofficial charging cable and no plug. Very disappointed with this as i was expecting all items for the price I paid.


  I bought this phone last week immediately before moving to Canada for work as my old phones battery life wasn’t great any more. Initially, this phone looked great, but I don’t think the screen is genuine (it has very faint lines running diagonally that I’ve never seen on a phone before) - and it has cracked already, apparently from just being in my bag (with a screen protector, something that has never happened to me before). The battery life is also a major problem - my phone has been unplugged now from the charger for less than two hours and has 60% battery remaining, although I’ve used it for only two ten minute phone calls. The only plus is that it does at least work as it should, while the battery lasts.


  I’m just appalled and saddened on how this company has done to me and many others. Exactly 2 days ago, I had bought an iPhone 7 for my daughter. It arrived today and there was already a problem1. No headphone or charger head for the phone itself2. While attempting to set up the phone, it had restarted numerous times.3. Customer service for this company was rubbish and did not even respond back to my email.The company name is Mobile Reborn. Please be wary of this company, and spread this so that no one else has to fall for there scams. I payed over £200 for a phone that was only going to come with itself and a wire. Now my daughter is upset she didn’t get her first phone she deserves.Battery percentage is awful as well changing from 1%-90% in a second. That’s not normal battery health. So I am returning the product along with this review. So I would suggest buying a phone from apple or a company that you know and fully well trust.


  Product was in good condition, however contactless doesn’t work and microphone cuts out if not on loud speaker.


  It came in a pretty bland box but can’t fault the device! Works great the only issue I had was the charger the sent with the phone didn’t work . Pretty strange but bought about another and works well!


  After 8 days I can no longer call or receive calls, record voice notes or do anything that includes my voice being recorded or sound coming out properly. The phone also severely over heats and crashes. I cannot find the sellers information to contact them so if anyone can send that to me I would be very grateful (I haven’t used amazon before) and my Instagram is miaasofiaaa if you aren’t table to send me seller information on here, I would like a full refund or a working model of this phone.


  No overly impressed.Battery life is awful for a refurbished phone.Phone over heats if I’m it for more than 15 minutes and shuts down.The phone itself is is in great condition, just a shame about these issues.Would I buy again? No, but I will give the company chance to replace and reply to this.


  The phone visually came in a good condition, no bumps, scratches and came with a charger however...Whilst the phone came through a day earlier than expected, when I switched the phone on the wifi function was not working which in an iPhone means that you can connect to iCloud and restore your phone to it's previous setting.


  The battery life is terrible, I have had to go out and buy a power pack to be able to use it for a day


  Was in worse condition than i expected very deep dents in 3 places


  I am afraid this is a well known iphone 7 fault on the device and got the bad luck of having one. When in a call, the microphone is almost not working and the other side can barely hear me. Tried few software fixes, no luck. Will go for a hardware repair today and of not fixed, it will be returned to Amazon for refund. Really disappointed as this was my first iphone :(


  Home button stopped working and would intermittently reboot. This seemed to be a result of the phone getting wet despite being waterproof. Assume not sealed correctly during refurbishment.Very disappointed as bought the phone for holiday so I could use it round the poolOn the plus side was refunded without quibble (though I had to pay to post it back)


  The phone we received was fine EXCEPT the GPS did not work - so no use for Waze etc.We took it to an Apple Store and they saw straight away (we hadn't) that the screen had been replaced - which they thought had caused the problem.Amazon were excellent - quick refund.


  I have a realy problem whit my Battery ... i can use this phone who was buyed from here maximum 2hour whit 100% battery whitout data on or wifi on ... and whit data on or wifi on i can use it only 1hour and thats realy sad ... because of that i buy extern battery ...to charge my phone every time when im not at home ... im realy sad and disappointed for this phone ... do somentig to make me happy again


  The phone worked well until one day it wouldn't receive calls and had "no service" constantly, turns out the version I received had a history of having this problem. I have returned it since and am waiting for a refund, apart from that the phone is decent but if you are spending the money go for a brand new one, or you might be disappointed like me.


  "Refurbished" should mean the phone has been improved to near new condition, when I found out the battery health was at 70%, I now need to pay someone else to replace the battery for me.Very disappointed.


  It became apparent not long after purchase that id made a mistake in buying a refurb. It works fine but given the money I expected it to be in better condition. The camera has done what many older iphones do and the lens doesn't focus on long distance meaning I can't take photos with any level of quality. Battery life is poor.


  I had only been on the phone for 1 minute to set it up and the phone was getting hotter by the minute! The battery went from 58% to 40% within about a minute or two! very dissapointed, on top o fthat was late arriving at my house.


  The product was fine for about 2 weeks but the battery started to drop rapidly and it got hot really fast and now it shows the bar at the top at the bottom as well flickering


  Most refurbed items are like new but this had a small scratch.


  iPhones are good.This one broke within the third week of owning. Now returning leaving me without a phone when I desperately need one!


  Unfortunately the one I received ( refurbished one) had a yellowish dim display than normal when I compared it with other iPhone 7.I returned it .


  Got this phone for my son and he can’t use it because he’s got to switch the blue tooth off ,not amused


  This phone is okay to use however, this product was delivered without a charger which I found it very difficult to believe that they package it without a charger. However, I had an old iPhone charger so i had to use it for it.


  Poor quality screen, brightness and colour seems really off in comparison to real iphonesWhen the phone was taken out the box I noticed scratches on the body of the phone and on the actual screen itself


  Phone is ok for a screen is moved a little  so ask at a repair shop and they said it’s because the phone has I slight bend  in actual case so no fix so a bit disappointed but it works fine


  Bought phone for sons 21st birthday  within 2 weeks showed no SIM and sim tray snapped when getting out.  He had used tool supplied.


  i like the camera but as i've been using it for a few months now it's getting slow and it often freezes and i can't connect bluetooth i don't know why it don't let me it's starting to play up


  I bought a land line , battery life is in minutes if I am using the phone always sitting beside the wall, also phone over heats if I am using hotspot and lags out


  The iPhone was not blackand battery is not great


  I’m away working at the moment , I’m very disappointed that tte headphones that came with the phone don’t work. I’m having difficulty getting help removing the issue


  Within 2 weeks the camera stopped working and the torch never worked, it looks like new and delivered quickly but expected everything to work. Disappointing


  Good phone battery was on its way out and after a few weeks the phone gave up working so I sent it back to get a refund!


  Originally happy with phone but now within 9 months it has stopped charging therefore is just a black brick


  product was good when first arrive then suddenly stopped working sent in to get fixed and was broken within a week


  Battery is terrible. Dont even get a day. Ver disappointed


  refurbished phone so shows sign of it- heats up ,camera not good, and voice breaks and sound issues.


  Unfortunately, this phone was inadequate as when i spoke on the phone people couldn't hear me properly.


  The phone doesn’t respond at all. So I don’t think why I should keep something that doesn’t work


  There is some scratches in the phone, it looks like it is a used phone, I was expecting the new one.


  Good condition but varios functions did not consistently work eg phone connection and camera


  Problem with this phone. I need to contact seller as phone keeps switching itself off.


  Home button stopped working two months after purchase


  The problem is on batre may be only 70 %, and small screen, so important recomended 7 plus


  Battery began to pack up after 5 months.


  Speaker was rattling when listening to people on the phone, unusable ☹️☹️


  I am unable to contact the seller as I am concerned about returning the phone.


  This damage on bottom off the phone

