
  WOW! I have been using this phone for over 24 hours now and In that time, I am beyond impressed.Firstly, the battery life is impeccable. With the high Caliber of battery size, the phone’s battery, without fail, lasts all day! (Especially when you are gaming, or snapchating which the battery lacks on older iPhones.)Also, the display of 4K/60 FPS is incredible! The camera is at its best; taking the best quality photos/videos of landscapes or even selfiesHowever, the speed of the device is beyond my expectations. I haven’t used a phone in my entire life that goes swift in every situation; thanks to the 3D Touch!Therefore, In conclusion,  The phone itself is a masterpiece and I do recommend people to buy the product!So, is it worth it? Yes! If you want to have an incredible phone that incorporates fashion which incorporates technology from beyond, even for a cheap price, it is absolutely worth to buy.


  This replaced my aging iPhone 6 plus and its the best thing I've done this year. It's virtually the same size but everything is much faster and sharper. IOS 13 did not cater for iPhone 6 plus so if you're looking to upgrade you won't do much better than this. There is no home button but you won't notice that after a few moments. Getting the phone set up took about an hour and I have 6 pages of apps to upload from the iCloud. I couldn't believe how easy it was to "recreate" my old phone on this new one and if you're one of those worriers that thinks you'll lose everything or start again, then this is the phone for you. Can't recommend it highly enough.


  First of all I have to acknowledge the fantastic launch day special delivery by Amazon.I am upgrading from an iPhone 7 Plus 256 GB, and I would say although it wasn’t an essential upgrade it’s been really nice to experience the updated front and back cameras. I am a highly experienced photographer that uses Carl Zeiss and Leica Lenses and I have to acknowledge that the quality from the phone has exceeded even my expectations. There are things that I can do with this camera and phone that I wouldn’t be able to do with my top and full frame camera; conversely when it comes to out and our quality this isn’t the same as a full frame camera , But in the right hands it can come close, particularly using the wide angle lens in bright outdoor environments.In addition the processor has been a welcome upgrade particularly for photo editing raw files from my main full frame camera.I also own an Xperia 1 work phone - this has the better camera. Although that does have a telephoto lens on it.Oh and one thing that Android leads on - LDAC and Aptx-HD for hi resolution wireless audio via headphones. How has Apple got away with just AAC Bluetooth for so long!!Overall this is the best value iPhone since the 6 in terms of pricing, Now if only they could put another OLED screen in for the price and USB-C they would smash the market.For genuine photographers who want to edit raw files direct from the phone across multiple cameras Apple remains the device of choice - VSCO etc on android just doesn’t offer this functionality.


  Wow. Upgrading from an iPhone 7 to an 11 has been amazing. The battery is excellent, the screen is beautiful, the camera is stunning, I love Face ID ! I love Dark Mode although that’s due to iOS 13 rather than the phone. It’s such a beautiful phone and considering the iPhone X was almost £1000 I think this is a great price . I do want to comment on amazon’s service though, I preordered the black 64gb version on the 19/09 and it sold out despite this so that was annoying and I changed to a white one which was only available with the 128GB but I’m very glad. I love the white colour, it’s so pretty, and an extra £50 for double the space I think is worth it if you download a lot of music or large games like I do. I also love that amazon offers instalments as I am a student and paying the whole £779 upfront would have been impossible but with that option Of 5 instalments I’m able to finally upgrade to this beautiful new phone. Very happy. PS: make sure you get insurance guys!


  Got this one for my wife as an upgrade from an iPhone 7.Build quality is really good, the display is an upgrade, so are the speakers and the battery.For the price, there’s nothing on the market that could beat an iPhone 11.I tried Android flagships, although they’re good overall, the difference in the quality of apps and the videos coming from the camera is noticeable.


  Amazing upgrade from my iPhone 5s which I've  had for years but finally died. I thought the size jump would be strange but I love it. The 64GB was out of stock but worth the extra £50 for the 128GB.


  Upgraded from iPhone 6s, The battery life is a big improved and so is the cost of an iPhone. We received the iPhone quickly and the box was delivered undamaged.


  bought it for my wife who has been using iPhone 7 for two years. The battery life is much better, A13 chip is much quicker, and the camera is fantastic too. Although the display is not as good as my iPhone XS MAX, it is good enough considering its price.After one day use, I would say it is really an amazing phone.


  All you can expect from the Pro models apart from the screen and the extra telephoto camera, but you get pro performance for less money which is amazing!


  An excellent phone and a terrific upgrade from the iPhone 6s I previously had.The battery life is a significant leap forward, especially compared to older iPhones, and was my main motivation for wanting a new iPhone. (Although I do suspect Apple does this deliberately to make us all want to buy a new phone!)Features and design are all great. Easy to use and understand. The screen and overall quality of the phone is excellent. The camera is spectacular, especially portrait mode. I didn’t see much difference between the iPhone 11 Pro and the iPhone 11, so I decided to get the 11. Very happy with my phone, even after 6 months. Face recognition is good too, making contactless payments simple and quick.Amazon’s payment system has also been great too. I was able to spread the cost of the phone over 6 monthly payments instead of paying it all upfront, which was a good idea and very helpful.Getting used to the size was a slight issue for me at first, as it’s quite a lot bigger than the iPhone 6s. Sometimes it’s awkward when in your coat pocket, and if you’ve got small hands texting or messaging one handed isn’t always possible. However, this wasn’t too much of an issue for me and I do overall like the size. It’s just maybe something to be aware of if you’re used to a smaller sized phone.My biggest complaint has got to be the headphone socket, which Apple changed in all of its more recent phones. You can no longer use any regular headphones which is massively annoying. You can buy an adapter but it’s awkward and I always seem to forget when I’m going out, so I had to get Bluetooth headphones. I understand this compliant isn’t strictly associated with the iPhone 11 but it’s my biggest annoyance with new iPhone models, and perhaps something to take into consideration if you’re upgrading from an older iPhone.Overall, the iPhone 11 is an excellent phone and a great update for anyone used to an older model. I love my iPhone and I’ve been very happy with for the past 6 mo the. Highly recommend!!


  First iPhone I have every had and I’m very happy with it. Usually have android but moved due to the wife having an iPhone. We now FaceTime each other regularly and the quality is very good. The phone is very snappy and never crashes like my android devices. I never have to turn it off and back on. Camera is very good and the screen too. Overall I’m very happy with my purchase.


  The battery life is miles better than my old iPhone 8, I charge this one once a day but often there’s plenty of battery left so it doesn’t need a full charge (yet)The screen is much better as it’s bigger but I do find the widget abit fiddley on this model and the button set up is abit of a pain as I often take unintentional screen shots. Overall it could be better but saying that it’s the best iPhone I’ve ever owned.


  This is so far the best iPhone I have owned. It made me permanently switch across from Android. It’s extremely snappy with long batter life and exceptional no gimmick camera. The screen was my biggest concern before I got it, but it’s absolute fine with brilliant colour accuracy and balance.


  After a lifetime of Android phones, I decided this time to try the iPhone 11 after a lot of research. As long as you can live with “our way or highway” IOS, there is little else to criticise. The phone is up to Apples usual build quality, screen is sharp, speakers are great and even though it doesn’t come with a fast charger, it doesn’t seem to take long to charge. You will of course need to buy a separate adapter for your headphones, considering what Apple charges for phones they really should include it in the box. The Product Red colour is lovely. And the “move to IOS app” made transferring over from Android a doddle. Very happy indeed with my purchase so far.


  I’m far from an Apple fan and when I was planning to upgrade my older iPhone I didn’t want a new one, however after looking in them and seeing what I would use it for then the iPhone 11 was a no brainier and this phone has made me look into purchasing other apple products


  First apple phone i have owned and have not been let down. Awesome phone battery life is very good lasts about 2 days i was lucky to get one day from my Samsung s9 plus. Would recommend


  Bought for my daughter to enjoy and she has been delighted by this the latest Apple phone. The screen is great and a considerable improvement on her old iPhone 6S. One happy customer.


  Having been an iPhone user since 2012, you know to expect great quality from Apple. The iPhone 11 comprises two great cameras, albeit not as sharp as the 3 on the 11 Pro, but these give a great shot with wide angle and night/low light features. Screen resolution is not as striking as the XS model (which is OLED), but is comparably deep and realistic in colour to many other models. Similarly, the 'feel' of the phone is not as high-end as the XS metal option, but it is a great size which is comfortable to use.My last iPhone (6s) was 4.5 years old on retiring, so the battery life on my new phone is comparably excellent - I have charged it about 3 times in a week so far, as compared to once/twice a day! Time will tell as the capacity reduces.The phone is fast, particularly with Face ID, and reliable so far.If you are an Apple fan, this will not disappoint! The 128GB space capacity is a nice mid-range option, as is the phone itself, as compared to the 11 Pro model or the 10 (X) series.


  I absolutely love it. An upgrade from my old iPhone 4.


  My previous phone was an iPhone 6s and I was looking to get a new phone. I shopped around and was considering getting an Android however stuck with iPhone and this iPhone 11 is TOP class!•Easy to use - Real quick and smooth•Battery life is amazing - lasts me the whole day as a driver using maps and music 9 hours a day•Face ID is quick and reliable•IP68 so it is protected from dust and water - already dropped it a few time with no cover and is still 100%


  I upgraded to the 11 from the iPhone 7 and what a difference!The battery life is amazing! The photos are just insane, I’m definitely going to taking more photos. I can’t believe I didn’t upgrade sooner!I would definitely recommend the phone.Thank you amazon for the £30 off!


  This is a nice phone, battery life is brilliant charged it yesterday and still have a full battery today, I did have to go on google and see how you load your apps I was having a problem and I knew my password just I cannot get my apps to download, but I love this phone I upgraded from a iPhone 7 Plus, going on the internet is brilliant it does not lag or freeze, so glad I chose this iPhone


  Worth every little penny!Perfect upgrade from my 6s plus, 100%Easy to use, great quality camera wise and a very quick phone.5*


  The I-Phone 11 took over from my last phone, a trusty 14 year old I-phone 4s. I tried all sorts of different "smart-phones" with Android and Windows based technology, Apple still makes by far the most practical, easy to use, and reliable smart phones for my money. A three day long battery (the way I use it), Face Recognition Technology (I have tried it with multiple different styles of glasses on including safety specs - this doesn't cause any problems.) I think it is a wonderful phone. The colour is not important to me because I am keeping it inside a big thick shockproof wallet. - I hope it keeps going for a good long time like my last Apple - well there's no reason why it should not!


  The wife loves it, easy to use and no problems experienced


  Great iPhone , and that’s true battery is long lasting.


  You can't really review an iPhone, can you? I have to say the 256GB model is probably overkill but the price difference was so little that it was definitely worth it.i wish the bezel was thinner... sort of like the XS, but hey, can't have it all :)


  Love this phone. Coming from the iPhone 7 plus this gives me a larger screen display, but slightly smaller phone (which is perfect as I’m not loosing out on screen size). It’s pricey (but iPhone always is), and not as price as the pro & pro max (which is too big and heavy for me).This phone really isn’t much different from the iPhone 7 Plus...but it’s a good upgrade.Oh, and camera and sound is amazing


  My daughter received this for Xmas and she is really pleased with this iPhone it does everything she wants it to do.


  The phone is amazing!! Well worth the upgrade from the iPhone 7 Plus, the camera is insane!!!! However I have to say the phone came facing upwards, instead of facing downwards like it was supposed too. But the phone is working & it’s amazing. But packaging was a little bit strange! Maybe a mistake in the factory.... how knows? But otherwise very happy!! 


  Fully featured, brilliant piece of kit. Not cheap - but chuffed.


  Brilliant brilliant phone! I saved up for months just to buy this phone as it is everything I wanted and more. Wasn’t impressed by the flashy extra camera on the pro, the 11 offered great battery whilst also being a pretty colour! Battery lasts all day if not more, depending on how much you use it. Superb phone!


  Excellent quality iPhone at a great price, my wife loves it, battery life is superb compared to her old iPhone 7.


  Not a huge upgrade over the X but still a very good phone built well


  Tad too big for the pockets otherwise great


  Just upgraded from iPhone 7 and love it


  Upgraded two months ago and couldn't be happier. The battery lasts so much longer than my old iPhone.Face recognition works with and without my glasses - just not with a mask and is so much more convenient than a password every time.What can I say... it's an apple - The sound quality, screen and photo clarity are all great.The phone set-up was easy just followed wizard transferred sim card, entered password and placed phones side by side and info transferred (contacts, photo's, email, apps etc) - less than 1 hour and everything was up and running perfectly.Would highly recommend this iPhone 11


  So far loving this phone. Upgraded from 6 plus so size is very similar in the hand with slightly larger screen. Quick and responsive. But biggest improvement is camera. First video I took blew me away with 4K 60 f/s. it was like a different world of quality compared to what I’d seen before. Making me use the camera more than ever before.


  I got this iPhone 11  a month ago it’s great and fast ,I had a iPhone 6s so it was time for a upgrade the picture quality is great  I am pleased with my iPhone 11


  I've upgraded from Iphone 6+ and finally got a phone that hold the battery for longer than 2 hours! Wasn't able to leave the house without a charger and I feel so much more freedom now, peace of mind that I don't need to worry about one other thing during the day.I remember getting an iPhone off ebay, and receiving a "NEW" phone in a box from a different iphone, with dust in the earphone jack and cheap plastic headphones/charger. Thank God there's still Amazon which provides genuine products, and I can get a discount on the full price on a lucky day. Delighted with the purchase!


  It’s an iPhone. So of course it is good. Easy to use and longggg battery life. If you’re already looking you might as well just buy it because it is the best of the best right now.


  Brilliant fast and reliable, love the larger screen size and the battery is a big improvement from my old 6s and fast charging finally even though you have to buy a 18 watt charger separate. This should last next 5 years easy quality product.


  Love this phone had a iPhone 6 before so big upgrade for me camera is excellent.


  Good price. It was a gift and the recipient is VERY happy with the phone.


  Great phone. And great price at amazon.


  I have had a lot of phones and the iPhone 11 is the best so far great battery,amazing camera front and back and it’s very smooth and fast looks great too in white


  Brilliant phone and the camera is fantastic .


  So very very pleased with this phone. Didn’t think I would ever have a new iPhone but with the easy pay it has made things possible and its a lovely phone


  Bought this for my wife for Christmas as her old iPhone SE just wasn’t cutting the mustard anymore. Needless to say she loves the iPhone 11. The photos come out in such great detail.


  I love this! Battery life is excellent and the camera is brilliant.I bought the purple/lilac one and I love the colour.


  Very happy daughter. Very nice phone.


  I'm happy with my purchase as the iphone came very well packed and everything was as described. It works very good so I have absolutely no concerns or issues with it. Recommend!


  Used for business and personal use, it works. It didnt link to my iPhone 6 that it replaced and cloud backup didnt align properly but otherwise all OK.Remember, banking apps dont work with a new phone, you need to register again often needed tech support from the bank itself.


  I recently upgraded from a very old phone and switching hasn’t been easier. Everything was automatically complete within 10 minutes of set up and the phone itself is really fast at loading etc I live the camera and never knew I needed such a hd experience till now. The battery life lasts me days and I’ve had it for a few months now and still feels like new. Definitely worth buying


  Been looking for a new phone for a while and this particular one was an amazing price and even better that you can pay monthly for it


  Fantastic product and great competitive price. Really not worth the extra cost for the pro in my view, the camera on this one is great and performance is fine.


  As expected an excellent phone. Upgraded from an iPhone 6 Plus that has served me well for years. Compared to that it’s lightning fast, excellent battery life and nice screen size.Hopefully will last for years to come!


  Great phone. Upgraded from iPhone 7 Plus. Easy to use once you get used to no hone button. Very fast operation in all departments. Cameras are excellent a vast improvement on my iPhone 7s camera’s.


  Took awhile to get use to it but now I like the iPhone 11 faster response than my old phone really please with it.


  Bought this to replace my trusty old 6s and so far I’m delighted.  Battery life is incredible.  Easy to use and set up.  Would recommend!


  Absolutely love the iPhone 11, it’s lovely and Light, the camera quality is amazing very professional, easy to set up, got great security features


  Excellent phone, great features and arrived quickly. Thank you as always @Amazon! Xxx


  Brilliant phone,super fast and packed full of features.cameras are phenomenal and i love it.


  In love with this phone , high quality and amazing design


  I had iPhone 7 until it stopped working really, decided to upgrade to 11 as it was more affordable than iPhone11 pro and have no regrets. iPhone 11 is easy to use, picture quality is great for me, battery life is good too.


  What can I say, it's an iPhone 11. Got it on a deal so extremely happy.


  It’s the perfect phone! I upgraded from the iPhone 8 Plus and woah i am so impressed! It has so many more functions and it’s just brilliant :) . Would highly recommend the instalment plan too :)


  I really love my new iPhone. I thinking the quality is nice and a good product. I bought the iPhone 11 because my old phone get broken so i choose this and i think is amazing.


  This was for my grandson, a teenager, he said it has everything you would expect a phone of this quality to have.  He loves it.


  Love this phone so glad I upgraded. Particularly like Face ID and larger screen. So easy to use.


  Bought this for my wife, she loves it. Comes with all accessories. Buy it with no hesitation.


  I love it. It’s super fast and the battery lasts me two/three days without needing to charge. Great value for money


  I can’t say anything bad about this phone, it’s just brilliant!


  Love this phone and really good value for moneyGreat service and delivery from Amerzon


  The wife loves it...I'm a Samsung person!


  Excellent phone would recommend easy to use battery lasts a long time


  The phone is a huge step up from my previous Iphone. Everything is so slick etc. I do keep going to open it instinctively upside down due to the lack of a button, but that will pass.


  I love it!  Been an android user for too long. I really don't know what else to say. :)


  Bought this phone for my sin


  Great to be able to buy Apple products on amazon.


  Amazing phone!


  Battery life / signal reception


  Great phone


  Happy with this, many thanks


  good cable


  Love it 


  Get it from warehouse deal, and it was better than expected. Nice Camera. Worth for upgrade from iPhone6s


  very good phone !!!!!!!! perfect !!!!!


  All good


  Love this phone replace a stolen iPhone 7


  Knocks socks off my iPhone se , battery is truly amazing. I could just about go two days without changing. My only criticism is it’s slightly to big to use one handed but it’s something that I will get used to


  Excellent


  Awesome phone, came when expected.


  Still getting used to the new phone but really would recommend it as battery life is a full day and screen size is v good.


  Excellent


  Top


  Delivered over night and of course a great product


  excellent product


  Been looking forward having it and it has proven to worth the wait 


  really nice, a good upgrade. camera is great, loving it.


  My sister loves the iPhone I get her she cried in joy


  Love everything about this phoneProcess buying from amazon great 3 payments


  Takes a while to get use to the new screen size and missing home button but after a week or 2 it’s brilliant


  Very happy with it if you want just a really good iPhone you can go with the 11 instead of the pro max to save some money it will do the same things


  Gift for my daughter. She says it's a nice phone. Very pleased.


  Nothing . The iPhone 11 is a very good product.


  It’s been 2 days since I charged my phone! It’s really easy to use and takes amazing photos :D


  Quality you’d expect from Apple. New camera  features are amazing.


  Feels very good and comfortable holding it


  Item is nice and excellent quality as one can expect from Apple.


  Great phone very pleased with it


  I’ve given it those stars based on the fact I got it as a present for my son, he loves it and is totally happy with it, so therefore that is the reasoning behind my review


  Had this phone for a couple of months now, and it’s fabulous. The battery is great, lasts all day Even though I’m on it constantly.  Camera is brilliant too. Can’t fault it in any way


  This was my big leap to Apple and I wasn’t disappointed. Very fast in everything it does, great customisation and I’m looking forward to have it for the next few years


  Its really nice, the phone works great


  Nice design. Great new update for the system


  Cheapest price found from a trusted supplier. Great sound quality. Will recommend to others. Speedily delivery.


  I love this phone I am never off it grate camera


  Nothing to complain about this phone.


  Great


  Super


  I upgraded from an iPhone 5S and what a difference. This phone is fast easy to use and I love it. The face recognition is a real bonus. Excellent all round.


  Very good , this phone is incredibly, the best phone I did have in my life


  Ordered this on Saturday and came today. Absolutely love it. Especially as I originally had the iPhone 6s. So Iv had a major upgrade. Can’t fault it what so ever


  Going from an 6 to an 11 is a culture shock. This is a decent phone. I don’t plan on upgrading till they stop providing updates for it.


  My partner is in love with this phone. 


  Ideal for my requirements


  Amazing battery life. My 3rd iphone - loving the colour too!


  The phone is simply amazing. The problem was the delivery took to long


  It’s a great phone, with good battery life. The screen quality does let it down slightly. Cameras are fantastic.


  Great looking phone.


  Upgraded to the iPhone 11 from an iPhone 6s. Safe to say I have not been disappointed - the phone is really fast and the camera is fab!


  Great phone


  Need I say more? Just go get it!! Definitely Value for Money!!!


  Absolutely amazing! Love love love this product!!


  When u get the iPhone 11 always remember to change camera qualities trust me it’s amazing u have to make the colour and lens right


  It’s an iPhone, what else?


  Phone is only seven months old and the battery health is already down to 92%


  good phone


  Good product


  Fab phone


  Brought for father in law he seems to like it


  Incredible!!!!


  Very fast phone and long battery life, I use all day to my personal needs.


  Yet another excellent product from Apple.


  Nice upgrade from 7. Good size screen


  So happy with the buy :))) I love to take photos and the camera on the phone is incredible !!!!


  Great Camera, Fast operating, Great battery Life, Good Screen


  Work phone


  Great phone. Screen being lcd is the only downside however that is reflected in the price.


  Haven t had any issues so far, nothing to complain about, everything works and runs fine


  5 star


  Love this phone. Like the Face ID.


  Amazing phone but I do believe they should come with AirPods instead of wired ones


  Very reasonable price


  Awesome phone best battery arrived next day


  Perfect for a birthday gift.But a little bit pricey.


  Absolutely excellent gift for my mrs in good price thank you amazon.....


  There isn’t anything I don’t like on this phone


  Excellent


  I like the product..


  Upgraded from 6s and its a fantastic phone! and delivery was quick.


  5 month pay scheme made it so much more affordable! Brilliant deal


  Quality


  Love apple products and this iPhone 11 is top class


  Excellent phone


  Amazing Quality and Amazing phone.Love it so much.


  Tad big


  lovely gift for my fimaly


  I like it so much


  Fantastic


  Very good phone very fast long lasting battery


  Great item. Lovely phone to use and the quality is brilliant


  Best I phone ever


  Love the phone, really happy with it!


  Great phone and very good quality


  Fantastic mobile 


  Love it


  I’m soooooo happy!


  Good quality phone


  Perfect phone! Well pleased


  Best phone ever


  The battle last for long


  Very good


  Best mobile ever had


  Great


  hoboiuhiuphoijoi


  Excellent phone


  


  Great upgrade


  Just awesome


  Very good


  Great camera


  Positive


  Great


  Cool


  Just great


  The cumulative effect of annual iterative 'refinements' is, between the iPhone 6S and the iPhone 11, an inconceivable improvement across all areas. It has to be used to be believed. It has a transformative impact on those moments in your day where you come to interact with the device. And despite best efforts on my part, it appears no longer possible to take a bad photo. Whatever the lighting conditions.If you need a new phone this is the one to get, it is difficult to see how the 11 Pro delivers an additional £300 value proposition.It is not as though my expectations for this phone were low, yet they have been truly surpassed. The marketing imagery does not do the iPhone 11 justice, in real life the industrial design is nothing short of beautiful. It certainly catches people's attention.


  Great phone, Really high price point but that’s apple for you. I recently brought the month and wanted to use it for a month before I do a review.I’m a university student so I use my phone a lot of the day and when I’m home I use it to watch a lot of tv shows, The battery life on this phone is out of this world. As a university student I’m always downloading PDF’s and Podcasts for revision and I’m on my phone quick a lot, The phone told me I had 9 Hours screen time and I still had 60% Battery.Battery life is 10/10Is the phone easy to use? Yes and No!So I was a Samsung user before I brought the iPhone 11 and understanding how to use the IPhone was a little struggle for the first day but after a few days of use age I now can use the phone perfect. Some people are like saying is it hard because there is no home button? TBH I think it makes the phone so much better to use.FaceID - is amazing I was like omg at night times this is going to be terrible but in such a dark room it worked so fast and I was like this is unreal. I have had no problem with FaceID so far.I would generally say if you can afford the iPhone 11 and need a new phone or want a new one it is a great phone and I’m glad I moved from Samsung to iPhone.


  I upgraded to an iPhone 11 from an IPhone 8 Plus. Firstly the visible screen size is on a par with the larger heavier 8 plus which at first made the 11 seem flimsy and fragile but fear not as it is every bit as robust. The dual camera and excellent face recognition are also a big improvement on the older models. The battery life is sufficient for my needs but with heavy streaming use it does drain fast. Picture quality is excellent. All in all a good upgrade from the 8.


  Very efficient phone, cameras are great and battery life is very long, it’s not comparable with other iPhones! I use to have an iPhone 7 before and I charged it at least twice a day; with this one, instead I can use it constantly for the whole day it will never run low! Incredible The phone itself is heavy, not so light like the previous ones.Overall an  excellent product. Very happy with this.


  Fantastic phone. Recently upgraded after having my Samsung galaxy s6 for years! I absolutely love it, the speed of this phone is incredible and it does everything you could think of. Now I’ve gone back to Apple I keep wondering why I had an Android.The battery life is brilliant. I’ve used it all day since 7am this morning and it’s now 11pm and I still have over 20% definitely all day battery.I like the little things, such as Memoji and how you can bring them to life. As well as being able to download all my favourite apps and apps that help with my studies and everyday life.Definitely recommend if anybody is wanting a step up from their current phone. Hope this helps!


  If you are looking to buy a new phone, this is undoubtedly the best choice. For the price of only £730, you get dual cameras, a beautiful Liquid Retina display and one of the fastest chips on a smartphone. You will also be able to shoot in 4K ant 60fps for the highest video quality. Due to the A13 Bionic chip, the gaming experience is impeccable; you will experience no lag and because of the impressively large display, it will create an immersive gaming experience. And finally, the greatest quality that the IPhone 11 has, is it’s battery life. Even if you use your phone heavily or lightly that battery will still last for a long time. I am currently using and iPhone 11 and have had it for nearly a year and the battery life still is incredible.


  Good evening! How are you? I’ve always dreamed of having one of this; unfortunately, I’m a teacher and cannot afford it. Would you be able to send me  one and I’d then write you a full, positive and lovely review? It would help me so much with my classes and students! Thank you so much! Adriano.


  Personally think it should be slightly cheaper but great phone. Great size and has many great features.


  It is a fantastic gift for my wife birthday and All is well presented


  Splendid


  Yes its expensive but its absolutely amazing. Camera is fantastic and the battery life, at least three days for me off a single charge, Wow.


  Everything is great premium build quality and performance


  Would love to try, and tests this product for free. Would write an amazing review about it.


  Greatest phone ever


  Great hand set,easy to navigate,would recommend to anyone,may even post on my Utube wall,


  Upgrading from an iPhone 6s plus that was suffering from short battery life and screen flickering.Pros.- Battery Life- 4k 60 Front and Back- Ultra-Wide Lens- Night Mode- Distinct Colours-A13 chip (Faster speed and improved power consumption)Cons- Face ID (Annoyance when using apple pay and trying to unlock when sitting at a desk)- Display (blurry when viewing some text)- Notch (apple please reduce)This phone was meant for people who are looking to upgrade from an older iPhone device to an iPhone that offers most of the features available within the Pro model but at a reduced price. In my honest opinion, it's not worth the extra cash to get a Pro iPhone as the next generation of iPhone releasing in September 2020 will come with a complete redesign.If you are going to spend £1000+ on an iPhone wait for the Sept 2020 redesign. However, if you're desperately in need of a smartphone choose this one.


  Excellent product at a good price and being able to spread the cost even better


  I am an avid Apple phone user and have had iPhone's for the last 10 years.  I upgraded from the iPhone 8 and absolutely love this phone.  Battery life which was always the biggest problem for me, is fantastic on this phone.  My old phone was constantly on charge as I am a high user but with the iPhone 11, I can go a full 24 hours with heavy usage and still have at least 20% battery remaining.  Great gloss finish at the back of the phone and this means the back looks new for longer and less scratches.  Screen size is perfecting for watching Netflix etc on the go.  Fantastic camera and I love the features this phone has.  I am so pleased I upgraded as the phone has made a difference to the way my phone is used and the convenience it gives my life.


  Having been using iPhones since the 5 I have found that there hasn’t been many big jumps or noticeable differences with each model to really warrant the outright purchase price having used 5s, 6 and 7.  However the time came to try the hype - ALL I can say is WOW.  Straight away I have notice the screen quality and resolution is simply stunning, build quality is better than previous incarnations and it’s great to have that metal outer feel plus the colour choice is better than the XR, I do think this iPhones finish would be prone to scratches so suggest a cover to protect.  The weight is just right.  The crowning glory (s) is the camera which produces professional quality with ease even for the biggest of novices plus the face recognition is simply AMAZING and seem less (just don’t wear contact lenses as it won’t be fooled). Only minor point (s) would be the size as in picture when compared to 5 and 7 you can see the size increase again, trust me you can live with it for its many pluses but if you are size conscious then pay the extra for the Pro and steer clear of the Max which is like a small tablet.  Only other minor point is the battery, a daily charge is still required from nominal use so if you are glued to your phone or stream/watch films I would expect an extra battery top up will be required per day.  Plus the surface finish is exquisite but fear scratch prone.Summary - Minor minor gripes far outweighed and simply forgotten by its class leading design and tech.


  Easy to set up and works strait out of the box. Great screen quality with lots of options.It is a bit heavy and bulky but I have fitted a protective case to protect in the event it is dropped.Did not realise that I needed an adapter to plug my standard headphones in and play music through my amp which does not have blue tooth.However overall very pleased with it.


  Utterly and totally surprised by how good this is. Been on android for many years and got sick of poor battery life on older iPhones.This thing is just incredible when it comes to battery. I am a medium to heavy user playing games, listening to Spotify and watching YouTube and some days I don’t get the battery down past 60%. You could easily get 2 days out of this phone.Some people may be worried about the screen quality as but you shouldn’t be. The size is just about right. The bezels are larger than some but you forget them almost immediately. Yes it might not be 1080 or 1440 or any of that but you really don’t need that. I actually like the way the screen looks. It gets really bright too which is great. Apple really know how to tune an led screen.I still prefer a flat screen to these annoying waterfall ones so that’s good too.Camera is the best I’ve seen on an apple device. It’s probably still behind the Pixel But not that far. The ultra wide is fun.IOS 13 is the best it’s ever been. It’s fast and smooth and lovely to use with gestures. Apple Pay is the nuts and apple wallet is great. Siri is garbage though but I never use it so no biggie.Another surprisingly good feature is the Dolby Atmos through the speakers. It’s actually really good and gets louder than you might thing without distortion. It’s actually better sound quality than the Pixel 3xl speakers which shocked me.Couple of things that are annoying. Lightening rather than USB - C. I mean, really? It doesn’t have enough in the way of music codex so sound quality isn’t the best through wired or wireless headphones.I highly recommend this phone. It’s the iPhone which is going to be best for 99% of people. The 11 pro and Pro max are clearly going to be amazing if the 11 is this good but do you really want to spend the extra £400 to get one??


  Absolutely love this phone. I think for the price is by far the best iphone yet, the camera is amazing. Battery life is phenomenal. If you’re after a new phone. Go on, treat yourself...if you like me review, please hit the button ✅


  Bought the latest iPhone 11 to replace my wife’s ageing iPhone 6, exceptionally pleased with it as it’s face recognition is far superior to the fingerprint so far has not failed once, screen quality is superb along with the amazing battery life I would strongly recommend this iPhone


  Delivery was speedy once the product became available and the product itself is excellent to use.  The battery life is phenomenal and the features on the device are easy to use.


  I've been very impressed by the battery life so far and it's a beautiful phone with a great screen. I'm not sure how I feel about having to use Bluetooth headphones instead of a jack but I'm sure I'll get used to it when I get around to finding a pair I like.


  Have had iPhones since the 3G model first came out. Was updating from an iPhone 7 to this one. It’s a vast improvement but still nothing that sticks out too much. Taking photos is a joy now and they are crystal clear. Truthfully, it’s not worth what it costs but that’s my own personal opinion. I don’t regret getting it though


  LOVING THE LARGER SCREEN AND ALL THE OTHER FEATURES


  100% Good I love it


  Amazing quality of the video and photo. 4K selfies. Very smooth and easy to use.Long battery compared to other previuos iPhones.


  Bought this for my daughters 13th birthday, ridiculous price if you ask me but she loves it


  This iPhone is very good value for money. Camera is excellent on it. Battery life is decent get me through a day.


  Easy to set up, just put my iPhone 6 next to it, couldn’t believe how easy it was. Love face recognition, amongst many other things that I’m still figuring out. I now see the point in having the latest technology!


  It’s Apple! What else can you say? Works great, battery lasts, loads of apps, just brilliant!!


  Amazing camera, battery life and sound from the device!


  Bought for my partner and she's over the moon.Was the lowest price I could find, buying direct from Amazon always reassures me when making expensive purchases.Usual rapid delivery.


  Excellent value, takes clear pictures long life in battery


  Early Days but Love it


  Excellent case nice and slim feels comfortable in your hand has grippers down each side making it more easier to handle and it come with 2 hard screen protectors.


  I chose 11 because I wanted a high quality display and to capture great photos  without paying £1000+ for a phone. The only downside is that it is rather large for my small hand.


  Got this to upgrade from the iPhone 8. Much better, full size screen was great. Face recognition is better than touch in my opinion. Camera is so much better than the 8.


  Very pleased Amazing camera !


  Love it


  Really solid, brand new IPhone 11 with the discount you can’t buy a better IPhone for the money, highly recommend


  Love it brilliant


  Absolutely  superb. I love the face recognition and Apple Pay and everything about the phone.


  I love it , the battery life is awesome. Love having so much memory . The sound and picture quality is great


  Bought for my daughter I have one my self good battery life usual apple quality


  This was a replacement for 1 that did not arrive. After a lot of waiting for it to be investigated I was replaced quickly. Very happy with it


  It’s my phone. Easy to use and no contract . The phone is unlocked so easy to change sim provider.A huge improvement from my old apple phone. It was easy to set up.


  Good choice of colours. All the details of how the phone works are printable.


  Only just got it so don’t know about battery life but the phone is superb.


  Best iPhone and battery life - lasts 2 days


  Everything I needed in a mobile phone


  Loved the colour of the I phone. really liked the screen quality. delivered quickly.


  iPhone at its very best


  cannot fault apple


  Excellent


  Beautiful ... upgraded from a 6


  Great phone 


  Great phone


  It’s okay


  Great phone


  Very nice mobile phone, if a little pricey


  As usual high quality from Apple.


  Absolutely amazing phone and the camera is incredible. If you’re considering buying a new phone then do not hesitate to buy this!


  In love with my new phone


  Best phone I’ve had for a while and the camera is superb


  Love this phone


  Colour (lilac) size, quality


  Typical Apple fantastic product & easy to use.


  Very pleased with this item bought to replace iPhone 7


  Fabulous


  Excellent phone and always a worthy upgrade

