
  If you intend buying an Alexa device to play music through you need to be aware that Amazon only permits you to use your £3.99 monthly subscription for ONE device. If you add another Alexa device you will not be able to play your Amazon Music with it unless you upgrade your monthly subscription to £9.99 or £15.99 if you would like your music played simoustainaly through two or more devices. Amazon doesn’t tell you this when you purchase Alexa devices, so be warned.Yes, we were caught out by this. We now have four Google devices (which are much netter quality and cheaper than Amazon products) and can play/stream music (Spotify) thought as many Google devices as we choose, singularity or combined. The software is much better than Amazon’s and can be accessed and used from any enabled device, including a PC or Mac computer. Spotify is just £0.99 for the first three months, and then £9.99 per month. At the time of writing Google devices are practically half price.


  Well i was sucked in with the marketing, Ive unplugged it & looking for the box it came in to sell on a local buy & sell site, i have the bigger one also, that was a present....thats set behind the tv unplugged as well, got fed up of it continually playing random things & waking up, but not responding well to songs requested.Save your money, unless your a sado that had to have to add this to your shopping list!! try a pencil & a piece of paper, works just as well.Really is pointless, simple things like play Smooth FM, it plays anything but, Play radio 1, nope, etc, if i want to listen to the radio, the tune in / or simple radio app work better & quicker on my phone, or I simply use the radio on the sat TV.I did subscribe to Amazon music, that s getting canceled. Its annoying how it will play a particular song, then when you ask again later "i don t know that"To sum up I have a life and this does not add anything to it in any manner shape or form.With that I'm going to go and shout at the ducks at the local pond, and maybe work up to shouting at the traffic!!!


  Awful. Truly awful. I replaced my 2nd Gen Echo Dot with what I thought would be an improvement, but how wrong I was.The old Gen2 had a crisp clear voice, which was easily understood. The Gen3 has so much bass, that nobody in the family knows what it just said.I've tried "Turn down the bass", only to be told that "It's already all the way down". The equaliser is equally useless.If Amazon don't issue a software fix soon, then it will be going back.


  Worked fine for the first few days, and since then the sound quality has been slowly deteriorating and has now become so distorted the product is basically unusable. It seems to be a faulty unit.I contacted Amazon to arrange returning it for a replacement. I recived a response saying that a few customers had experienced similar issues and engineers were working on a fix, and that I need to allow them time to come up with a solution instead of returning it now.Looking on Amazon the product is showing as out of stock, with more due on the 29th of january, to me this now looks like there is a problem with the echo dot 3rd gen and Amazon have had to stop selling them while they get new units made and into stock.This now leaves me with a basically useless product for 2 months while I have to wait for new ones to come in. Really not impressed with this Amazon


  Smart looking good delivery service had to return it as it kept turning it self off after 15-20 mins beware amazon replaced this product with one with the same problems. On checking a few forums it seems that I am not the only one to suffer the radio and music streaming problems replacement device turned it self off after 25mins. Sort it out Amazon to prevent other customers having there hopes dashed.


  I have not been able to use this item.The app is not intuitive for a 75 year old.Why no simple step by step written instructions ?I connect to the device OK then it says refer to the app which I have down loaded.It tells me my phone number in connected to another account.How could I have purchased the item in the first place if this is so ?How is it that I can access my account on my lap top but denied on my phone when using the same details ?


  Bought this for my husband as a Christmas present - and after two days of frustration, he gave up and rang for help.  He's  been on the phone to Amazon customer service for almost 2 hours as he couldn't connect it to his device...  turns out, that because I bought it on MY account, only I could install it on MY device.  The agent has been very patient and trying to transfer the item to HIS account, but it still wont connect to hubby's devices... All it keeps saying in God knows HOW many languages is...  'Download the Alexa App' - DUH... we've done that!  Giving up and sending it back!!!


  Bought for husband for Christmas. My husband has a extensive collection of songs on his iphone with Apple music. BEWARE: This product does NOT support APPLE music so you cant play your apple music using ALEXA. So its going back unfortunately. ( you can only play music through Alexa using Amazon music or spotify and my husband doesnt want to start again with his collection) . The plus side is it looks good, sounds good, had to get my daughter to help set it up though as i found it hard work. So only one star as useless to us.


  I have had 2 2nd generation Echo Dots for well over a year without any problem. I purchased 3 x 3rd generation Dots and already one of these has packed up. It hisses and crackles when playing back music. I have asked for a replacement but Amazon cannot replace as out of stock. Pretty poor quality product and very poor service considering they were bought for Christmas gifts!!


  Bought to replace 2nd Gen Dot which had gone faulty. Reviews suggested the sound would be much better.It isn't - it's muffled and indistinct.Adusting sound through the equaliser in the Alexa App doesn't help at all.Wish I had replaced with the now very cheap 2nd Gen.


   Don’t buy this generation dot buy the older version. This new version dot has half the features of the old dot, with this one I am unable to control the volume with voice commands, and I can’t set timers are alarms. Both of these features are avalibe on the old dot so the idea of buying this new one to upgrade ended up been a downgrade, I’m really not impressed with amazon about this. The product feels totally rushed


  The sound quality from this very small puck-shaped device is pretty amazing but, for me, the joy stops there.As a standalone device it has close to zero usefulness, apart from checking the time without turning the light on if I wake in the night. I think the really stupid suggestions from Amazon bear this out; who asks a lump of plastic to "tell me a joke about coffee"?Here are some actual conversations we've had:Me: "Alexa, set an alarm for one hour".Alexa: "Alarm set for 60 minutes, starting now".Me (a while later): "Alexa, how long left until my alarm?"Alexa: "You have no alarms set".Me: "Alexa, play some music by Mila Folick".Alexa: "I can't find that".Me: "Alexa, play 'Stop Talking' ".Alexa: "Here's 'Stop Talking' by Mila Folick, on Amazon Music".Me: "Alexa, set a reminder for 16:30".Alexa: "I don't understand".Me: Alexa, "Set a reminder for 4.30".Alexa: "A.M. or P.M.?".Me: "P.M.".Alexa: "Reminder set for 16:30".{I would have doubted my own sanity on this one, if it wasn't for a witness who heard it too.]Me: "Alexa, set an alarm in 45 minutes".Alexa: "Alarm set for 45 minutes starting now".Me (20 minutes later): "Alexa, cancel alarm".Alexa: "No alarms are set".45 minutes from setting the alarm, alarm sounds.This kind of idiocy happens almost every time I use the Echo Dot. It's almost totally useless, and I wish I'd returned it for a refund even though I bought it at 50% discount on Black Friday.


  I first saw this at a friends house and was impressed so purchased one. After a few teething troubles getting the App to down load and connect we were up and running. Alas reliability has been the problem. Constant 'try again' from Alexa or cutting out half way through a track with ' I dont recognise that' whilst playing the track! Or 'I'm running updates' meant most of the time I wanted to use the Echo Dot it was off line. I tested my set up with my friends Echo Dot (2nd Gen) and its perfect so its down to the unit supplied. Currently its and expensive paper weight so its going back.


  The volume down button in the item I have received did not work.  I tried to ask for a replacement, but Amazon's procedure is clearly set up to make as many customers as possible give up and just keep the damaged item.  Let me demonstrate:1. log into your account2. locate your order in Your Account / Your Orders3. click the "Return or Replace items" button4. in "why you returning this?" select "item defective or doesn't work" (so far so good!)5. describe what is wrong with the item6. click "continue"7. choose "Replace/Exchange" and "Exact same item"8. and after all those steps, the only available option is to click the "contact us" button9. after clicking that button, you begin filling in another form from scratch10. enter the order ID11.  select "email" under "How would you like to contact us"12. enter "Item name"13. enter the description of the issue14. click "send"15. wait a day or two16. receive an email from Amazon when they tell you to phone them so that you can describe the problem and which also states " Please note that replacement for Echo can only be done over the phone as we need to verify your delivery address and payment card for the replacement order." (interesting -- how is it possible that I do not have to phone Amazon to verify my delivery address and payment card when I want to buy something? ;) )I have wasted enough time on this.  I guess I will just keep the defective item.  Amazon: 1, customer: 0.  Fortunately, I also have a Google Home device which I find far superior so I will continue using that.  The Amazon Echo will just be used to read my Kindle/Audible audiobooks and I will use voice commands when I need to turn the volume down.EDIT: On second thought, I will probably listen to audiobooks on my phone instead (too bad I cannot listen to Amazon audiobooks on my Google Home!), as the sound quality is so very low on the Amazon Echo Dot that even my mobile seems to have a better speaker than this device :(.In conclusion, I do not recommend this product.


  Its a great little machine but I am VERY UNHAPPY that you can only buy 2.The advert states ideal for every room, indicating you can buy as many as you want. NOT TRUE. I wanted 5 for different rooms but I am unable to buy them


  I bought 2 of these for my children to use in their rooms, I am very disappointed that they can only play them one at a time, if the other tries to use it it cuts out the music choice, they both have very different tastes & I thought that would help them to not argue over music, whereas this has made it worse.  Also prior to buying I researched  the product & at no point did it say you had to pay to subscribe to listen to music.  I set it up the morning of their birthdays & had to start paying or I would have had sad children, saying that I did anyway because they couldn’t play their song choices without the other cutting it off!ThereThere is so much free streaming you would have thought amazon could offer that service too, google have,


  I am now very disappointed. I bought one dot and had a free trial for Amazon music. I was thrilled with the product as I am hard of hearing and having it next to me solved a lot of problems, so I bought another for beside my bed. Both dots could access Amazon music. When the trial ended and my monthly subscription started I suddenly found that I could only access the music from the dot upstairs unless I pay £6 per month more!! I live on my own and can only listen to one device at a time so I feel conned. I would have lived with one and carried it upstairs if it had been made clear and if the situation  had been obvious during the trial period. What as shame - I had been telling my friends how good it was, now I wish I hadn't!! Please make your charges more fair and transparent  Amazon and don't con me with a misleading trial. I shall now not be purchasing a fire stick.


  IT DID NOT WORK


  I bought a second dot for the house. The first being a second generation dot which works perfectly. This one however, despite repeated attempts, stubbornly refuses to connect to our perfectly functioning internet. One wasted weekend later and Customer Services don't seem to acknowledge the issue and am awaiting refund....


  The Latest Chapter!Bought another one of these, usual dramas with Amazon products again! Set it up quite easily, it managed to tell me the weather, would play Radio 2 but, and it's a big but, when I asked if to play an artist, (I have Amazon Music Unlimited), it said "playing from Amazon Music", then silence, zilch, Zippo, nulla! Tried casting from my phone, it said connected and playing-  silence. Can't understand what is happening. The other echoey things are working so I can only assume that the speaker is selective in the content it plays. Incidentally, after lots of googling, there was something about authorised devices but only my two phones and Fire 8 showed up. I guess it's faulty.I primarily bought this device to enable me to voice control the internet radio and Spotify, without turning on the 'non Alexa' TV Fire Stick. I did not want it linked to my calendar, email etc, or for any other purpose, so it was bought essentially as an audio device controller.It finds Radio 2 but struggles with other foreign stations and, despite being linked to Spotify, stops playing after two or three songs. This appears to be a known issue I have since found, so basically it won't do what I bought it for and I have to revert to using the TV. If the Google equivalent had a jack input I would have bought that as they have no known issues with Spotify.Your money night be better spent on a cheap fire tablet with show mode and typing. Otherwise, it's back to your phone and Bluetooth.UpdateHaving swapped to Amazon Music it can manage some things but it is really frustrating at times. It now plays Radio 2 and will play a selection of songs by an artist but struggles with certain titles. If anyone can get it to play Rick Wakeman's "The Myths & Legend of King Arthur & The Knights Of The Round Table" in under 20 minutes without screaming at it, I'll be impressed!! It talks about video skills then, plays random stations or general Wakeman's tunes and then at the nth time of asking suddenly plays it.The intelligence thing is really a misnomer; it seems to really only respond to pre programmed exact words and phrases and I would recommend writing those down once you've finally got them and keeping the list to hand.If I could select on my phone old skool, with fingers, and then send to the dot so that it plays through the sound system, that would be more use.


  Unfortunately i will keep the device turned off as i can't lower the voice separate from the music that's playing. So she just ends up shouting when you ask her to do something after. I am able to use it as a bluetooth receiver for my music files plugged into my non smart hifi unit speakers.


  I used to love Alexa but as time goes by (presumably with each software update) the voice recognition just gets worse and worse (not a good trend for a voice activated device). Alexa consistently doesn’t understand voice commands for devices that in the past it had no problem recognising and I’m now using apps to control those devices as I am fed up with the constant battle with Alexa to understand simple words (and I have a fairly neutral accent so I pity those with strong accents)


  So much for being easy to pair with my Samsung Galaxy S7!!! I tried & tried over an hour to sort this out myself, but needed up calling amazon to see if they could sort it for me. This Echo dot 3rd generation would not recognise my UK mobile number!!! The American accented "ALEXA"(which got on my nerves to be quite honest)kept telling me that my mobile was not a recognised U.S. cell phone number!!! So I was a bit confused as to why it would say that considering I had input my location and country!! But when I asked to find my phone, she asked me for my number and promptly kept insisting that it wasn't a U.S. number!!! Yeah I've repeated myself I know but thats what I kept hearing from The Echo dot. I got so fed up with trying to fix this problem(which I new I wasn't going to) I contacted Amazon(Phillipines no less!!) I was on the phone for a good hour or more with no joy!!! He offered me a replacement, but I declined this offer as I had totally lost faith in this piece of tech. Slightly annoyed that it couldn't be sorted but hey thats life in this techno world we live in isn't it.


  Keeps cutting out when streaming radio stations


  **Revised**After writing this review, I was contacted by Amazon who tried to solve the issue. After 45 minutes on chat with two agents who were not helpful and did not seem to address the issue, I was told there was nothing that could be done and that they couldn't offer a solution. The customer service was some of the worst I have ever experienced and I'm now considering cancelling my prime membership because of it. I don't know why Amazon would reach out if they weren't able to help solve the problem. Would give this zero stars if I could.***Original review:I loved my  Echo that I bought a few months ago. I thought that having a second Alexa in the house with this echo dot would be great, but this one seems to always have problems. It doesn't always respond (despite multiple restarts and troubleshooting), and seems to light up even when I haven't said the watch word. When playing music, the sound seems garbled as if the speaker doesn't work properly. I still love and use my other echo every day, but this echo dot had so many problems, that I frequently unplug it and don't use it. I wouldn't recommend this item. Maybe it's a problem with the one I received, or a problem with the 3rd generation echo dots, but this product was ultimately very disappointng.


  Further to the original message below, after a long phone call to the Echo Dot team I’m told the device can’t SHUFFLE playlists I have stored on Amazon Prine Music.  So device has been returned. AVOID until they have this simple request sorted. Fancy developing a 3rd generation that can’t do 20th century stuff - SHUFFLE. I’m back to using my reliable iPad which can shuffle Amazon playlists - so disappointing!!In addition, I’ve now received a warning on an Amazon Forum for what appears to be identifying this problem. I received some unpleasant feedback from what appear to be Amazon devotees but I’ve been temporarily locked out. Does this mean that one is unable to publicly question the quality of Amazon products? Particularly flagship devices?£29.99 - it was cheap, but I wouldn’t pay £49.99 as I haven’t found a way of getting Alexa to ‘shuffle’ playlists in my own music collection - so they ALWAYS play in the same order- Not 21st century technology?


  I got this half price on amazon but I'm thinking I know why now … its American and there was no indication it was from across the pond before I bought it … Thing is that wouldn't be  a problem (but ive found you cant change it either grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr…) Its become a huge joke in the household  as it doesn't understand one word in a flipping English accent at all … ( head butting desk here)  as I'm  having  to talk in an  phoney  American accent to get it to do anything uhhhhh ….. its come close to getting a flying lesson a few times and it wont do what you ask at all unless you pretend your in a sitcom with friends ....beware of the cheaper Alexa's ! This one may become a plant pot yet!


  Sound when playing music is much better than the 2nd Generation dot. But sound quality when speaking is absolutely terrible - it sounds like the devise is wrapped in a blanket.After reading many comments online it seems like this is standard for the 3rd gen Dot. The English voice is very bad, the US voice is slightly better.  Sound controls on the device only affect music - if they controlled the voice then I would increase the treble but I don't think it would improve much.I have read comments that Amazon have replaced some units but the problem remains - you would expect this to have been checked before selling them !Voice recognition is average - the same as the 2nd Gen. Sometimes you get an appropriate answer, sometimes it is completely unrelated to the question.I have no idea how well it integrates with other devices as I don't have any.Voice recognition seems to be regional. Asking 'Play BBC Radio 2' works as expected with the UK voice, but when using the US voice (as it's slightly easier to hear), the same command gets 'I don't understand' or it plays BBC world service, or even a German Radio2.So - if you're listening to music it's a step up from the 2nd Gen.But voice quality it is absolutely terrible and voice recognition is still not impressive.


  I bought this from Argos (prices are controlled by Amazon) for convenience instead of waiting for delivery from Amazon. I wanted it to connect to my MusicCast products & to use skills such as reminders, news & to use Skype & have plans for further "smart" integration. Initial set up is easy. It's not that easy to set up with MusicCast as the instructions do NOT follow precisely what actually happens when connecting to MusicCast devices & setting up "skills" doesn't always work first time. Sometimes the skills to use for the radio do not get recognised, so I have to revert to the MusicCast app.If you have an name which isn't British, Alexa will not be able to pronounce. I tried typing in the name phonetically & Alexa still gets it wrong. Amazon need to work on this, as their product isn't just used in Britain & the people in Britain aren't necessarily called John Smith or Bertie Brown.Worst of all is the microphone sensitivity for making Skype calls. I'm told by people I call that I sound muffled & distant. I tried testing this via the Echo / Sound Test function & most of the time my voice wasn't recorded. There doesn't appear to be a function to increase the sensitivity of the microphone, which is actually really dumb. And having asked Amazon for advice, the parrot fashion response was to reset the device. In other words, the microphone sensitivity cannot be changed. I've tried to reposition the Echo Dot & that doesn't work. So the only options I have left is either to stick with it, or get a refund.UPDATE======During Christmas, the Echo Dot gave up. Alexa stopped recognising voice commands, the speaker started to crackle & making weird noises & then Alexa stopped responding to voice commands. I had to reboot/restart, which worked for a short period & then the problems recurred. So, I've brought the thing back for a refund.What I have subsequently discovered is that the Echo Dot has only four inbuilt microphones & the Echo has seven. This may explain why the Echo Dot struggled with Skype calls & started to fail with voice commands. During Christmas my home is busy & can get noisy, so the Echo Dot may not be able to cope in such an environment. So it would seem that it's happy in a small quiet room instead of a large busy family room.I have ordered the Echo from Amazon as that has seven inbuilt microphones & superior speakers. I'm hoping that it'll cope with lots of different voices & Skype calls. If not, then it'd be safe to say Amazon are yet to produce a product worthy of their claims.Overall, I recommend NOT buying the Echo Dot.


  It's a smart thing don't get me wrong but ethically Amazon shouldn't store all your conversations. You simply can't deny that option without proceeding further. Courts in the UK can ask Amazon to provide them with personal conversations  and Amazon will have to comply.I think Amazon needs to disable all recording and storing of all conversations. Technology needs to pause a bit think where they are heading to and make a decision rather than exploring all territories at the same time.


  Be aware voice recognition is not good, you will spend a lot of time shouting at it for it not to work until you give up.Yo cant play your own music on it, so if you have a large mp3 collection purchased or ripped from your own CD's on a NAS drive etc they will not be accessible. It will not work with Google music that does allow you to upload your own music and Amazon as stopped its own service that used to let you upload your own music. The only real way to listen is to pay for Amazon music unlimited. Their  are "skills that claim to play your music from your cloud services like dropbox or Google Drive but I have not found one that works "my Jukebox" says it needs to index, come back in 2 minutes, it has been saying that for 3 days now.


  Much easier ways to use it's free features online by simply going to the BBC, TUNE IN, ETC apps or websites. Alexa sound quality is atrocious, Just a thick muddy noise, you'll soon realise the sound on your mobile isn't so bad after all, but It does have a useless tone control that keeps you busy for a minute or so.Alexa is not connected to the internet in any way, just to the Amazon version of the web. All Alexa does is guide you to more ways of spending your money on Amazon.Well, having used it for a few days, I think maybe I was a bit hasty with my original review. The poor sound quality is attributable mainly to the computerised Alexa voice, and this cannot be altered by using the tone control, however once past Alexa, things do improve noticeably. After RTBM I discovered several useful free apps. Timer, memo, recipes etc and quite a few of no interest to me. The voice control works really well, but it costs more money for an enhanced, personalised version.All said and done, the Dot is worth 25 quid to me as the local DAB signal is poor, but the dot works fine and I've actually used some of the free apps. Would I buy another? Yes.


  It doesnt connect to anything with older bluetooth so Amazon thoughtfully suggests a list of speakers you can purchase ! The "Skills" are a pain to set up. So far it doesn't connect with my Samsung TV (the "skill/app wont work the TV even without the Echo dot), Panasonic ALL system speakers Bluetooth or wifi, a small Bose bluetooth speaker. Its own sound quality is OK and all we use it for is listening to the radio in the Kitchen. Despite telling ti clearly in the Alexa app, it doesn't know where it is and therefore cant give traffic or even weather advice at times. Considering returning it.


  I'm glad I read the other negative reviews because I thought it was just me!I have the 1st generation bought this because the volume button on my 1st dot has stopped working and I use it at night time to turn it down that little bit extra.But this 3rd one I shall list the cons, as the only 2 pros are it looks nicer and hears me better.Cons)1) far too much base2) doesn't play all night,  cuts out.3) the lowest quiet setting is still too loud to have it as background music in bed at night.4) I've been incurring random charges from Amazon but after reading one of the first negative reviews on here it explains about hidden charges for using multiple dots for music.I've only had it 3 days but I will be sending it back.  I don't appreciate being secretly ripped off by Amazon for listening to music which I already upgraded to, also I have a audible book charge which charges monthly and I've never listened to an audible book!I don't appreciate being ripped off by Amazon especially as over the years I've probably helped pay for their summer mansion in the Hamptons!!!


  Unfortunately I haave to write a negative review about the Echo dot 3rd generation. Issues include not connecting to the internet, loosing connection and Drop in not working. We have two Echo dots 2nd generation and one Echo, so I am not new to Echo technology.  Customer service kindly replaced the two Dot's but unfortuantely we have the same issue. Modem and router has been re-set, dot's have been re-set and many conversations with Customer Service and many many hours wasted. Other echo's working fine. This is obviously an issue with the new Dot's which Amazon are either not aware off, or not admitting to. Reluctantly i will have to return for refund as old Dot's are no longer available.


  This upgrade seems like a downgrade. The 2nd generation seemed to understand us better, this generation keeps playing radio stations when we give simple instructions.It randomly asks questions and states stupid facts while we are talking or watching TV. It has trouble even turning on and off the hue lamps. Really disappointed if am honest. Hoping an update fixes this.Also when I ask if she is recording us she refuses to answer. Also refuses when I ask if the FBI are listening or CIA. Lol try and see for yourself. She's doesn't say "Hmm. I don't understand that one" she simply ignores the question.


  Incredibly non-intuitive, as if programmed by a 14 year old.  Sound quality is garbled and control is just met with 'I do not understand'.  On-line is like a filling in a tax form without the words.I spent 45 year in telecoms, from college to retirement and this device appears to be designed for someone for whom electricity is an unknown.For some reason Alexa has decided to play Frank Sinatra.  This is due to a link it has now made to 50's music.  I have no idea why and I had nothing to do with it.  It just happened.Don't even get me started on the flattened vowels, mumbling questions and an almost universal 'I don't know that' to any question.Avoid.Update:  03/06/20:  Still cannot find a use for it.  Every question has the reply 'I do not understand' or refers to the 'Alexa App'.  It's as if Amazon themselves have lost interest and removed the space on their servers.Don't waste your money.


  Expected a lot of Alexa, she is basically absolutely dumb regarding anything except World Weather requests which she is only good at if you ask for the Capital of the country you are wanting the Weather of. If you say any major town or city except the capital, she does not understand. Laptop PC is much better.Also, when you live in Ireland and ask for Irish League Cup Scores from Jan 4th 2020, she gives you the FA Cup results from England for Jan 5th, WHAT A DIVVY.Also ,if you want her to play music, you are going to have to invest £5 every month to have this, or pay for Amazon Prime.TV Ads grossly flatter the Echo Dot's capabilities, total waste of money. As much use as an Ashtray on a Motorbike


  The Alexa at first seems like an excellent idea, but like all great ventures is beset with flaws. The process of connecting the device to your phone and to WiFi is overly complex and completely unreliable. It failed to connect roughly 8-10 times when first using the device. Alexa does indeed recognise my voice almost all of the time and when working properly is a great addition to the room, however, regularly disconnecting from the internet the device is unable to reconnect itself and constantly requires manual intervention.The biggest problem by far is that most times after losing internet connection the device de-registers itself from me and so i have to follow the entire setup process again, this happens once or twice weekly.The device also has a nasty habit of choosing obscure artists when asked to play songs. e.g. "Alexa, play Crocodile Rock". You would expect the device to play the famous song by Elton John, but instead decided that the rendition by St. Barnaby's school choir is the more apt choice. This wouldn't be such an issue if the device learned your preference but it doesn't seem to remember it.I would recommend purchasing an Echo Dot, mainly because its a good to have and is extremely handy to have in the kitchen when cooking/baking, entertaining guests or arguing with your family about quiz questions. I recommend that it is placed near (preferably inside) your WiFi router, and that you never unplug it, perhaps invest in a petrol generator to serve as backup in the event of a power-cut.


  After reading ravvy reviews on here and elsewhere, I thought to give it a go during Spring sales.Initially it sounded clear, powerful, even too powerful for a single room to chill with music in the background, that I had to leave it on 50% volume, but after leaving it on one day, it started squeaking, the bass lost power and the trebles were all "mechanical" and "electric", the whole sound in general started being quite noisy and clunky. Definitely something happened in the speakers while being used for so long.Honestly, I didn't expect it to be this bad, as my previous Echo Dot 2nd generation lasted me a good two years with no sensible difference in terms of sound being used all day everyday, even if it has never been the best sounding system out there.I believe these devices are not meant to create a "Hi-Fi" experience, but just for the odd background music they are fine. Well, the 2nd generation definitely, not the 3rd.It sucks that this more powerful and newer product couldn't last more than one day being on.


  Had this for a few months now and originally I was quite happy with it BUT this last few weeks has seen a big reduction in its ability to deliver basic services eg I quite like to check the news headlines on radio four so all I had to say was - Alexa, play radio four and it would play - but not any more.  Try that now and it pops up with a "here's a few stations you might like to hear" etc.  You now have to go through a more complicated (and slower) order eg "Alexa, play BBC radio four".  Same goes for currency conversions - used to ask "Alexa, how many baht to the pound" and get the answer, but not any more.  Now you have to ask "Alexa, how many Thai BHT to the pound.Setting alarms is just as bad, now.  Tried to set one last night for 2320 and was asked "is that morning or evening, lolAs I said, originally it was okay but now its downgraded IQ means it is not fit for purpose


  disappointed in the sound quality.


  Very disappointing Echo, it recognises my voice easy but defys what I ask, example I ask weather in turkey mornings to be told, I do not know that place or city, if I try afternoons it reads all the weather from Turkey. Then playing music is nightmare, I have Spotify premium and often when I ask Alexa to play a track, it defys my chosen artist! Although that track & singer are saved in my library, example Frank Sinatra let me try again, Alexa says Playing Spotify let me try again -kay burley! And plays another music track. When I say Alexa Stop it stops, but I then repeat Frank Sinatra let me try again Spotify and Alexa confirms but plays again the stopped track. It ruins my listening pleasure, I want to listen to music not fight a machine.  Reminders are great wkg good. Alexa is to noisy wakes up in the night without any voice requests.  The sound quality on this little echo is poor, very bassy and flat lacks lusture. I much prefer my old Bluetooth speaker.Alexa to me is waste of money, horrible Xmas present, prefer Google.


  This product was bought in the recent 'Black Friday' deal - It seemed quick to connect to my existing account but that was the only good thing!  The sound is not 100% and vibrates (on a relatively low-level volume), it also fails to play from my Amazon Music Account.  It does not play anything when you open the BBC, it acknowledges your request, asks you to name a programme or channel etc but then, silence.  I tried to restart and e-mailed Amazon and followed their guidance with the issue I was experiencing but still no luck.  I telephoned the helpline as suggested by Amazon for additional help but the worker I spoke with, spoke over me, told me Amazon 3rd Generation doesn't work with the BBC.  I didn't feel confident with his approach and ended the call.  Unsure ref the 3rd generation not working as it seems to work on the 3rd Generation Echo but not the Dot.  Disappointed with the purchase.


  Now we have all become used to having these devices around we are no longer astonished at the ability to get a response from a device we talk to. Therefore we expect developments in these to be improvements on previous models/generations. Amazon dropped a massive one here.Generation 2 had the crisp sound that worked almost anywhere, and with any sort of voice or music. The only issue for those who liked it loud was limited volume, and no emphasised bass; but all very good for a 'dot' of a device. Generation 3 has rectified the enhanced bass, and the volume to some degree, but thrown the baby out with the bathwater. The normal equaliser settings make the sound so muffled and bassy it is impossible to hear properly unless you want loud headbanging music and nothing else. ALL other music and conversation is ruined.Using the telephone app to adjust the equaliser, bass right down, and mid-range and treble right up, gets some improvements, but light years behind gen 2.On top of that there is the change in power supply (possible to get enough power for the loud bass) so don't lose it because you can't use the psu from the old one.The good point is the audio output jack to connect to a beafier unit if you want.Come on Amazon, you know you can do better.Update,I have dropped this to a one star after Amazon emailed me to thank me for the positive review????As said at the start, the concept of these devices is no longer a trigger for a high rating.


  Absolute rubbish. I only bought one as I'd heard the amazing quality of the speakers on someone else's. Connection to WiFi was wonderfully simple, then the problems started. First, I couldn't change the wake word (I have a 2nd gen already called Alexa) until I deleted and reinstalled the Alexa app. I also asked Echo to update her software, which she did. However, the poor gel would only play one song from a playlist of 25 songs, or say she was having problems and couldn't play a named playlist at all; 'Alexa' (2nd gen) had no difficulty doing as asked. I refuse to waste time with such things, going on forums and whatnot, when there shouldn't even BE a problem with an Amazon device streaming Amazon music. Within an hour of 'Echo' arriving, she was back in her box and at the Hermes drop-off point on her way back to Amazon. Back to my trusty 2nd gen.


  When the dot works, it's great. It's also great fun when you have several around the house, lots of things they can do. Sometimes when they misunderstand you, it can result in something quite funny happening. I was really impressed, very happy with them...HOWEVER, they don't last long. I had 2 fail within 3 months and one I bought for someone else failed within 9 months. After chatting (on two separate occasions last weekend) to customer service staff (who tried their hardest to get me into an argument - it didn't work) for over an hour each time, I finally managed to get 3 replacements. They were refurbished (fair enough) but one of them then didn't work either. I ended up in yet another 2.5 hour 'chat' this evening, resetting and resetting the device over and over like before, before they decided it was my ISP was at fault for the one dot not working. The end result (if you were wondering) is that I may or may not be getting a replacement or refund - I genuinely have no idea! Guess I'll just have to see what happens next...PLEASE PLEASE don't waste your money else you'll be wasting hours (and I mean HOURS) of your life on customer service like I've had to.


  So...I had heard great things about Echos and Alexa. From unboxing i wa impressed by the echo dots features and all was going well while I assigned each device to my account. All worked great as a single account. But then I started to add the family each of which have their own Spotify accounts and playlists. Remember when Amazon said Echos integrate with Spotify?...well that's not the whole truth. Let me explain. To use all the features of Alexa the devices need to be assigned to the same household. A household in Amazon only allows 2 adults (ie 2 Amazon accounts). Child accounts dont associate with emails or their own Amazon accounts. What this means is that if a child has a Spotify account there is no way to link it. So basically if you train you childs voice and they ask to play a spotify playlist on their own account they cant because all the devices are set to play on the adult who set the system up. It gets worse...so fir example, if a child asks to play something on spotify in their room and you were listening to spotify In the Kitchen your music will suddenly stop! Why?...because its tied to your spotify account! So after spending hours going around in circles with Amazon Support I finally got the definative answer...if you want seamless music across the family without interruption on other devices you must sign up with Amazon Music Family package at £14.99 a month. Ahhh...now the terrible Alexa software setup all makes sense! Market your product as Spotify compatible, hook in the buyers then force them to sign up with you Amazon Music Family package which is not as good as Spotify. If it weren't for this shameful family restriction the Echo would beat Google Minis in my opinion but given Google Minis do not have these restrictions...ie all registered voices will automatically associate to the persons Google account meaning people can play their Spotify music on any device without interrupting other family members on other devices. Amazon wont do this. Make sure you consider this when choosing voice automation products.In summary...Echos are great if you are an Amazon family but if you want to integrate other music services such as Spotify you are best off with Google (which has its own shortfall but is at least a true family product).


  It understands what I am saying but don't get the right music or radio stations and comes up with folk,  rock pop station that I have never listen to on Amazon  and songs when I ask for music, big different between human voice and musical instruments,  than just musical instrumentsI bought this as I have trouble sleeping, so wanted to listen to listen to music controlled by voice, as when I wake up my eyes are light sensitive and my vision is poor, due to eye drops, but It will not get the classical stations I want it will not play the Christian radio stations I want, although I know it can get them, it keeps coming up with pop folk rock stationsIt won't play the classical station via prime music, that I want to listen to.I can get Bread, Queen, T rex and other artists I like, but I don't want to listen to them in the middle of the night.It is a great alarm clock, the sound is good, it understands what I say, but don't respond accordingly, for me this is a waste of money


  Returned it after one day. Initially sounded OK but too much bass when Alexa talks despite EQ settings adjustment. Also the damn thing would not respond to voice when my TV was on as the TV sound appeared to confuse the internal mics on the dot despite being situated well away from the TV. If TV was off it responded almost all the time but one of the features is that you can use it to control TV functions! I listened to myself shouting Alexa 5 times in a row and thought what are you doing man!The Alexa app is buggy as hell, slow and hangs.Like people have said you think you need this but you don't. It doesn't solve any life problems and is just a convenience product. Look out the window for weather, set alarms on your phone and get off your backside to turn your lights on.I read that most people just use these to play music. Just go and buy a nice stand alone Bluetooth speaker without the hassle.


  My first "Alexa" (Echo Dot) and a disappointing experience so far.The sound quality is muffled and dull and I can't find a way to improve it, via the app. Apparently there is an EQ built in, but certainly not in my Android version of the app.Alexa switches off in mid sentence - this morning she was reading the news and stopped mid sentence. I've tried to set a voice profile but she cuts out at the beginning of the sentences I need to repeat when setting this up.I have set up a routine - to have Alexa, tell the time and read the news in the morning. This worked OK until I moved the Dot to another room and then it stopped working.The main issue is the low, muffled sound and although this is widely reported in the Amazon forum, nothing seems to have been done about it.


  Had two faulty units. Amazon made me waste weeks going through stupid diagnostics again and again and then sending me a replacement. Then when I asked for a refund they pass me around from person to person, mess me around for hours then agree to accept a refund then not send a label. Then when I don’t receive a label I called again and they say they can’t refund it or accept it for a return as the original device’s return date has passed. I reached the end of my tether today and just told the amazon guy, don’t worry i’m just going to bin it and hung up. Customer service for amazon’s alexa products are a joke. Not going to ever buy an alexa product again. I was going to buy a tablet but will now no longer entertain the idea due to issues with trying to return this crappy echo dot.


  It does not do as advertisedNo, remember this.No, take a note.Don't get fobbed off with the reminder function & remember as they are different as you can ask it to remember your mums birthday, then ask when's mum's birthday, you are meant to get the reply.  This does not work and it shouldAdd to shopping list the most basic feature you have to wait to be asked what to add, it's a constant battle with waiting and it missing things off, you have to repeat. The app locks up and you have to start all over again and again.When you add to the shopping list eventually it adds all items you ask on one task, not separate lines so you end up with"meat and potato pie strawberries oranges toothpaste"If you break to try and make a new task/item it stops and repeats what it's going to add.It does not line item anything so it's making your life harder.You end up wanting to throw the thing at the wall as it just takes longer to do anything.I bought two of them and don't think at all they are that good so far. Poor slow amazon support.We pay more in the UK for this item than USA and USA have more features and functions.


  If you want to turn on your smart lights and ask it the time, it generally performs ok, for anything else such as music playback it is more hassle than it's worth, unless you like having to ask ten times for the same thing only to get a different result every time (and never the one you actually wanted),I imagine the experience is much like paying for someone to come and clean your house or perform some sort of manual duty and being sent someone with severe leaning difficulties, you ask for something simple, and then have to repeatedly shout their name and tell them to stop doing the thing that they've decided to do instead of what you asked, for example, after 3 attempts I managed to make it play the album I wanted, but stupid me forgot to ask for it on the everywhere group (why this cant just be a default is anyones guess - useful combinations of functionality that could be implemented in software is very lacking) I asked alexa to 'continue on the everywhere group' as per the instructions online, which then started playing on the group, but an album that i had listened to many hours previously instead of the one I wanted, cue about ten minutes of me repeatedly asking for the album I wanted and the group I wanted it on, only to be played either some random pop nonsense with zero relation to what i asked for, or a compilation of christmas music, again, with a title with absolutely nothing in common with my request, sometimes having to tell it to stop playing three or four times before it would actually stop playing the annoying music I never asked for, if you use apple music there is no way to just use the app to select an album, you have to have it in your 'recent items' and sometimes it simply won't show there even though it's played it, sometimes you can ask it for an album it's already played once and it will just create a playlist containing one track from that album and then only play that one song when you asked for an album, sometimes it will say it cant find 'the named' the album's title, even though it will find the album the next time you ask,eventually I gave up on multiroom and music from echos altogether and have run a long cable out my audio interface that feeds my speakers into my kitchen, voila! instant multi room audio that comes from many more sources, is more easily controllable as I can actually just pick the music I want using itunes remote on my phone, no lag, no drop outs, GAPLESS PLAYBACK OF ALBUMS (yes, they can't even do that) and no headaches from arguing with a useless heap of junk,If your light switch didn't work even 5% of the times you pressed it you would say it is broken and you would replace it with a working one, this thing works less than 50% of the time,


  5 stars for the actual gadget and concept, 1 star for amazon trying to rip off their customers and not having the decency to actually tell them. Never liked these eavesdropping devices but saw a friend using one and decided it would be ok for music if unplugged the rest of the time as it was small, seemed convenient and was on special offer. Bought one as I have Amazon prime, listened to music and kept getting the same tracks over and over and never the one I wanted form an artist no matter how many times I said ‘Alexa next’ eventually asked it directly for my fave tracks only to get told this track is not available unless I subscribe monthly and pay more money!!! This was not made clear before I purchased this! Not happy. Already pay £70 a year for prime now they want money every month for music when my prime account said music was included! Unfortunately what they don’t tell you is only some tracks are included with prime, if you actually want a decent selection you have to cough up the monthly fee which I cannot afford. Gave it to my son as he has Spotify. If you’re willing to cough up the monthly fee it’s a great gadget but if like me you’re a prime customer who though the music was included then don’t bother.


  Have asked it quite a few questions but got most of these wrong.  I have a typical southern english voice with no accent so should not have any difficulty understanding me.  Asked many times what the ftse 100 was at and it didnt know although it did know what the dow jones was at.  It seems to know more about american stocks than english stocks.  Asked when the children go back to school but it didnt understand.  Asked it to find the telephone number of a vets in beverley and it gave me one in winchester.  Doesnt seem to know very much.  Whenever I ask for music it always tries to get me to sign up to amazon.  Really dissapointed, thought that it would be easier to ask alexa things rather than constantly going on my phone but it really is an ordeal to get the right answer, have to ask over and over again.  Will give it another few days, if it has not improved will send it back.  Even though it was on offer the £33 paid was a waste of money.


  If you're buying an Alexa you'll know what you're getting. But what you probably haven't really clocked round your friends' houses is the annoying little advert each time 'she' loads a song. First;ly, if the device gets the wrong song. you'll soon know and correct it, so there really isn't any need for it to say (e.g.) "Playing Prince of Darkness by the Indigo Girls".However. there DEFINITELY isn't any need to say 'on Amazon Music" before each and every track. We know we are subscribing to your service. We practically give you half our wages; we know we are owned - boy and soul - by your rapacious omnipotent conglomerate. Why oh why do you have to ruin the modern-day boon that is voice-commanded on-demand music with your pointless little commercial .You're worth 25 gazillion, but you have a two-bob level of class.


  I got this Echo Dot recently to go with my Amazon Cube. I was impressed how I could turn on and off the TV. I could only turn the TV on with the Google Chromecast Ultra.It picked up my Phillips Hue lights without me doing anything, really pleased with it.What is wrong you ask? Well the Echo Dot is positioned about 4ft away from the router so that cannot be the problem. I get a solid red ring and no it isn't the mic with the message 'I am having trouble understanding right now'.  One time it was purple.I used the excellent Amazon chat to try and find a reason and I was taken through the reset procedure and for a day and a half it worked fine but now I have the same problem like before every day. So before I want to use it I have either got to reset it or switch it off and on again. The way it is totally defeats having it in the first place.I got this Echo Dot to replace the Google hub (which is working fine btw) but I am seriously considering ditching the Dot cause it isn't fit for purpose.


  The speaker is quite good for playing music whihc is why I got this.  However it is rendered pointless by the fact I cant play any of my old music which on my computer or in the memory of my phone.  if its so bloody smart you'd think it could find music on a memory cardUsing subscription music because you get access to umpteen songs is a con, for the monthly amount ask yourself how many of those millions of song do I actually listen to.  If you buy a cd for a tenner you can listen to songs you like for ever, if you buy through say spotify or amazon music subs then if you want to hear those same songs over the years you pay a heck of a lot more.However If you want to play any music through the echo dot you have to get a sub, Millions of songs sound great (like you are going to listen to all of them and assuming they actually have the songs you wanted in the first place) and you can pay for them forever.  your choice, I choose not.


  So I followed the hype of Alexa, but I have to say I'm very underwhelmed. Alexa herself understands me fine, no problems there, but when you ask basic questions, you constantly keep getting a response of, "I don't know that". How come sometimes she searches the Wiki for an answer, but most of the time not?I was hoping for her to be able to do more but unless you have Spotify Premium or Amazon Music Unlimited, you are not gonna be able to have music be played as alarms even. She controls my lights fine, and I suppose she tells the weather, but that's all I have found to be useful.I suppose if you use Google calendar a lot then the integration is there so you might find it useful?Ultimately, for me, I just can't really find a use for her. Shame. Not worth the money in my opinion.TL;DR can you do without her? Of course. She didn't do much for me and it doesn't really save me time. My phone tells me things just as fast. Not worth the high cost as the technology just isn't there.


  I bought my second device after the success of the first, but unfortunately the new one will not connect to the Internet. The Alexa app, which I find very confusing and hides its help section impeccably, asks for a password. I have tried every password that I can remember including all those provided by my Internet provider and by Amazon. Every time the app informs me it is a bad password, so I fear the device is becoming a very expensive addition to the recycling bin for electrical goods.Since I find phoning Amazon a complete waste of time and money and they refuse to communicate in any other way, that has to be an end to the matter.


  Very disappointed with this product. I carefully followed the instructions on setting up the Echo Dot. When I reached the stage at which I was to connect to the Amazon wi fi, a message stated that I might have to wait up to a minute for this to appear on the list of available wi fi connections. It actually took more then 20 minutes. From this point onwards things got progressively worse. To cut a long story short, I was unable to connect the device to the wi fi despite indications that the signal was excellent. After many hours spent trying to get the device to work, the Alexa app froze and I could get no further. I decided that I would be able to live without the Echo Dot and its potential further frustrations. I have returned it for a refund.


  Initially I was excited to be receiving my first echo dot, but after 1hr of trying to set the thing up I was done! This device is not at all intuitive, despite stating on the box it’s compatibility with Apple Music, I was constantly greeted with “Apple music is not supported on this device”.  When asking Alexa to play music from its own library on Amazon Music it seemed off to a good start, relaying the artist it was about to play, only to be greeted with “I’m sorry, this device is not online”. Like anyone else I turned to the internet and followed numerous troubleshooting tips including:- Updating the Echo Software- Making sure my phone os was up to date- Unlinking and relinking the connected Apple Music account in the Alexa app- Removing and re-adding the Apple Music skill in the Alexa app- Uninstalling and re-installing the Alexa app- Factory resetting the Echo- Restarting my router- Connecting to a different WiFi network- Relocating closer to the router....but still no joy.The most frustrating thing by far is that amongst all this, Alexa on the echo was more than happy to respond to general questions like “How’s the weather outside”. The final nail in the coffin was when I admitted defeat and decided to try playing music via Bluetooth from my phone, only to be mocked by the sub-par sound quality. The mid to hi frequencies lack clarity leaving you with a tinny mess, and the bass resembled that of someone swiftly kicking an empty cardboard box.TLDR: If you are looking for something with a quick easy set-up, Apple Music compatibility and good sound quality, this may not be the device for you. I hope that future echo dots come with a vast improvement in audio quality and better integration for third party services.


  I was super excited to purchase an Alexa assistant, but she frequently didnt register what i was saying, repeatedly crashed so I had to restart it, it kept signed out of my spotify account (so wouldn't play music) & whenever you ask it a question it says 'I dont know this one'.The sound quality is good when she is telling you she doesnt know anything though.Buy a Google Home, much better & you can ask it anything & it will tell you, & send the search results to your phone, because it is connected to Google.


  My Alexa 3 dot only a couple of days old and keeps saying I am having trouble understanding you right now why is this happening and can it be fixed switched it off and it started working again happy daysHowever sometimes it is still strugglingI have had difficulties with this from day 1 my old echo is still great o now have my show 8 which I am getting use to but the dot 3 keeps letting me down and I can't sink it to the others any advice would be appreciated Kind regards AnnaStill having problems something is definately not right sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't my other 2 are fineStill having problems sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't what are you going to do about it as you have not done anything up to now and lots of people are having similar problems my dot is still letting me down so disappointed with it


  Awful piece of kit, had problems from the start and no support from amazon.- disconnects from the network every couple of days and have to reconnect, tried reviewing my security settings etc. but still happens- Spotify interface is awful, often agrees and tells me I’m connected to Spotify but I get silence, and there’s nothing I can do to get it to play, ask too many times and I get “I cannot do that right now”- routines don’t work, lights, music etc. tried setting up multiple times- unreliable, god forbid I try to set an alarm and expect it to actually work for meOverall, great idea, bit of a gimmick, but would have thought they’d have ironed out some of the problems given it’s a 3rd gen device


  I have an echo dot and an echo. I set up both for Bluetooth, and they worked for one day. Then they wouldn't pair with any of my devices. I tried resetting both the echos and my mobile devices, and uninstalling the Alexander app. Didn't work. The app won't even let me disconnect the Bluetooth device, and echo won't recognise it. So now I can't use Bluetooth on any if the echos. I've tried everything suggested, tried different mobiles, but still won't work. Yet another reason why I don't buy from Amazon anymore.Update. Due to ethical reasons I avoid Amazon as much as possible, so I stopped using their streaming service and wanted to choose Spotify instead. However, the option for Spotify was greyed out and I couldn't find a solution. Yet another reason to avoid Amazon.


  I have a number of other Echo products and the sound quality of all is pretty good for what they are. However this unit, as other reviewers have commented, has poor quality, over Bassy sound particularly on the Alexa voice which distorts constantly. Equaliser settings make no difference. The original Dot had limited sound quality but is clear and distinct without distortion. This unit is a major disappointment which I now rarely use. The current Echo Show units offer a significant improvement in sound quality over the original Echo Show units but not this Dot which is very expensive for what it is. Best avoided. The best sound quality on an Echo unit is found on the original Echo mark 1 the tall thin black or white unit, well worth sourcing.


  I have recently purchased two Echo Dots - one works well as described. But the other (delivered yesterday) does not.The device connected ok, the wi-fi signal is good. However, Alexa seems to “have a mind of her own” ....... I ask her to play music by one artist and she plays a different artist, I ask her to change to a different artist and she continues to play the one she has decided, ask her to “stop” and she ignores it etc..  I have tried “reset” twice, but no improvement. I am at a loss what to do next. Perhaps I need a replacement unit?Another issue - I did want more units around our house, but Amazon UK won’t accept my order - they appear to restrict any Customer to two units.


  When i first got this i said play me some music and it found a online radio station and played music.Since is says it don't understand and wants precise commands,Spotify with echo is £5 extra a month so forget using ya free account on spotify.Add that to amazon staff being able to listen in and record you the it's a piece of junk that works badly.The idea at first was good though.At first i connected my phone to it and made some calls through it, theen since my phone was still connected to it but when i tried to call someone on the phone it didn't know the person i was trying to call.Nothing was changed it just bugged and resetting it up is a major hassle.


  Was fabulous! Loved it and have bought another since. Had a few issues with the voice recognition on this one but not the other which is peculiar.However the mute mic button has suddenly turned on and won't come off. Occasionally it will turn off on its own without me pressing it and that will last a few hours to a day before turning the mute mic back on by itself again. I suspect after some research it's a software problem as I have tried all fixes.Unfortunately as I write this I am 3 days out of the return period so I am stuck with an Echo I cannot use except for a glorified speaker. Waste of money. Shame as I was going to buy another for my son's bedroom but think I will look at the Google speakers instead.


  I have one Google home mini and one echo dot which I loved (prefer Alexa and sound) and wanted to get more so whichever room in the house I was in I could listen to my Amazon music and audible. Ordered 3 and set up to find that Alexa agrees to play the music but then nothing happens. After 45 mins trying different things, we found we could get the music to play provided we used a group like "upstairs" but this plays the same thing on all speakers in the group. If you don't want music blaring through the whole house (which is already covered by the play everywhere option) then you have to state which speakers to mute when you play a group. In addition, if someone else in the family is listening to something already on a group speaker, that getsreplaced with your choice or the dot in your room just stays silent.Another example of Amazon taking a good product and making it terrible with sh1t software and being cheap. This isn't even restricted to streaming, it affects purchased music and audible audiobooks.I would sell my soul to Jeff Bezos and have everything Amazon for convenience but they keep pushing me back towards Google with this type of limitation.


  It was a Christmas present so not had too much use, yet!Setup was simple.The most frustrating thing is that it keeps disconnecting from the Wi-fi (the TP Link repeater is within 1.5M and is not an issue with other devices on the network.The sound is deep (like Bose radios) but lacks clarity, slightly muffled.Voice recognition is good our 6yo granddaughter loves asking awkward questions!Update:While ‘Alexa’ works well answering queries (most of the time) it is absolute rubbish when playing the radio.EG BBC Sounds disconnects after 10-20 mins it will restart ok so what is the problem?All other devices on the same network are fine including TV streaming.


  Ive just spent £200 on Alexa's. Download the Alexa App. Not compatible with my device! What! My device is fine enough for buying from Amazon, oh yes we dont want to loose sales. How hard was it to make Apps that work across for everyone. They state in Alexa blurb "always ready & connected" oh yea, right. So do I return them or what. I am no Tech Nerd. Really livid. Always connected. Oh right, you cant even email them the cowards. Chat line is no good for that. Livid. Not compatible. Make it compatible, pull your finger out. Solve the App.To Chad got your email. This is the only way I can speak to a tech person. I have a EE WIFI BROADBAND HUB ive got a mobile. So ive put the Alexa App on there. Tell what to do simply.  Does the phone have to be on for Alexa to work always or if I am out with phone does Alexa to work. I find this technology utterly confusing, silly names, passwords & passwords. I was going to go to Amazon community forum but passwords again. Changed my phone no. But it started saying Firephones. What! Got it done in end, then we have +44 instead of 07... Anyways Alexa is help i need &  then i will change my review! I dont understand why they dont include all devices. It all works ok on buying stuff. But maybe its about binning stuff & buying more stuff. Anyway its on my phone & ive got a wifi hub. Thankyou Chad or whoever...


  I bough eco dot and played with them for a few month without subscription. I could ask Alexa for classical, jazz and swing music. As I have 4 Alexas I just to turned off one in order to listen from another one when I moved from one room to another and I could carry on listen to music. I made a terrible mistake a month ago when I decided to go for an unlimited music subscription as as soon as the free month ended my divises were block for classical or jazz and I was just allowed to listening to music from only one divise with NOT option to chance from one to another. Do NOT take the subscription as it is a rip off unless you want to pay a lot more. Basically they force people to get not the cheapest plant which was the one I got &3.99 a month but the £14 a month. Very disappointed with this behaviour. I have ended the subscription as it is completely unacceptable what they have done.


  We got carried away in one of the sales and bought two of these + the big one. It is nothing but a speaker. 80% of the time Alexa doesn`t understand the commands and just randomly triggers some action. Not very good at smart home either, we have our devices organised in rooms, but she just struggles to turn them on/off. We`ve been using one of the two as a speaker daily since November (about 7 months) and it is already broken (less than a year of usage!) - it just starts cracking and stops playing the sound. I was super excited to get them, but now I wouldn`t purchase either of them again.


  I can not believe this I was goin out thay message me say be delivered today so that give me a choice we’re to put the item so I told then the shed what thay do live me a message say at the front door well I got home to fine nothing I look ever we’re and cart fine my itame why ask we’re the safe pleascs to leve and don’t do it I know someone who use to work for then and thay told me that out of order and thay post take pictures of we’re thay leve it I was advert to get on to then as now I don’t know we’re mine itam is as put in front of my front door anyone could of take I not happy at all this is not my fist time I had this problem


  Our echo dot has turned itself off in the middle of songs after just a few uses. Not a great start. We have checked all wiring and cannot find any issues.Our echo third gen is great but unfortunately Alexa has ignored some voice commands. Basically leaving us calling her name over and over with no response, yet tells us there is nothing wrong when we ask.Edit:We were contacted by customer support and we followed their instructions, it worked fine for a few weeks but is straight back to ignoring commands and turning of sings. Obviously faulty!! Not happy.Edit: now stuttering and not playing songs. Needs constant resetting.Faulty from beginning and now it's too late to do anything about it.


  I love Alexa and the Echo system - I have an early Echo, two first gen Echo Dots, an Echo Link and a brand new Echo Dot.  The new Echo Dot was to possibly replace an old one since the sound had gone bad.  As of some weeks ago, the sound of Alexa's voice became so muffled that I could not understand some of the things she said.  Unfortunately this was not a fault as all of my devices now suffer the same problem.Amazon - if you read these comments, I believe that your software updates are the problem as many other people have found, can you please investigate and update the code.Until this changes, I can no longer recommend Alexa Echo devices.


  The sound quality is really good, better than the Google assistant but it all goes downhill from there.It wont play lots of music, eg "Santana Smooth" says "Buy the Amazon music for £4 a month heres a sample"I'M ALREADY PAYING FOR AMAZON PRIME AND THEY WANT MORE MONEY!!It wont shut up mid advert either.It wont then move on to play a similar track, you hve to keep asking for a new one which ruins the vibe, especially if the next track means you get another advert.Same with a bedtime story for the kids, "Buy the amazon books" advert comes on.I bought it because my google assistant got dropped and broke, but have given the Amazon one away and rebought Google.Nice try amazon, but no thanks


  I have initially loved my Alexa, however now, she wont speak when I talk back to her. I have tried to email Amazon regarding the issue as I did only purchase it in the past two months! Very disappointed that it is so difficult to request an exchange!I received a call from an Amazon customer services assistant yesterday regarding my review. I was driving therefore requested to be called today - with a confirmation received via email, I was certain I would have my issue resolved.However no call. I tried to call back on the number which I received the initial call from, no ability to contact and I tried to reply to the confirmation email, however it was regretted too.Service I did not expect from Amazon.


  Don’t bother buying an Echo dot. The tech behind it is pretty useless. She barely understands commands to turn lights on/off let alone how to find an album you want on Spotify or Apple Music. When you’ve been using a simple command for weeks like “Alexa Lights on”, she randomly forgets it out of the blue and all of a sudden doesn’t understand the most basic of commands. Even when you’ve set her to default to Apple Music, she randomly switches to another provider like Amazon Music (when you don’t even have a subscription to Amazon music) and starts playing there. You can’t control your Apple Music at all from the app, Spotify is basic at best, atleast controllable from the Spotify app (which you need because Alexa can’t understand a thing you want when it comes to music play). Ask her to play something like “calm indie tunes” and the best she can do is search for a pre-made playlist on Spotify titled exactly that (when she can actually figure out what you want at all). She is no where near as smart or intuitive as Apples Smart speaker when it comes to understanding commands. You need to know the exact command when it comes to Alexa, there’s no understanding of other ways to phrase the command I.e. Alexa Volume 5. Not Alexa turn up the music. Half the time she doesn’t even recognise the command to turn the volume up even when using the correct command. Long story short, Alexa is a useless gimmick at best. Don’t waste your time and money shouting at this thing to turn on the light or expect that she’ll learn your voice and understand you over time... she’s a basic computer, at best how we imagined AI to look in the 30’s.


  I bought the Echo Dot for my son who was visiting over the New Year,unfortunately the item didn’t work after a long frustrating episode of trying all the things from various help lines,messsaging,phone calls and longer hours of waiting for answers.I tried to return and replace the item but the label would not print after trying 6 phones,printers and two post offices.Amazon wouldn’t send a label with the replacement item or another label via internet or phone so I had to pay to return the item after driving yet again to the post office.My son has now returned to Germany minus the item he wanted most for Christmas,overall not a pleasant experience which will make me think long and hard before ordering anything more of Amazon’s own products.


  Pointless piece of equipment/tech, its a great way for Amazon to spy on people other than that its pretty useless and really unhelpful unless you want to sign up to lots of extra services most being paidSet up took hours and it often makes mistakes hearing things ending quizzes thinking you had the answer wrongLots of bugs, the app is a pain and kept crashing and failing to load and not well designedThe novelty wears off after one hourBefore anyone asks I won it as a prize and didn't buy it. Its obvious why Amazon keeps reducing the price of it, no demand for spying tech


  Firstly I live in the UK and have held a UK Amazon account for more years than I care to remember. My girfriends Echo Dot 3 plays UK radio 4 when asked. Mine won't, just says "sorry something went wrong" every time I try!Hers has learnt her voice mine  Just responds with: "At this time I am having trouble learning your voice " every time I try!I asked for the weather forcast for "Rayliegh where I live and Alexa responds with the weather forecast for 'Rayleigh USA'!I asked "Alexa, Whats the weather forecast for Rayleigh UK" and Alexa responds with "I am sorry I don't know that location"Totally unimpressed and a waste of money.


  I was really excited to get this.After 2 hours of trying to get it to connect to the Wifi I have returned  it.A lot of the time the app wouldn't work either. What a shame.I tried resetting router several times, reinstalling app, resetting the dot and none of this worked.


  What is the point of owning an ‘internet connection’ reliant device that has totally mediocre firmware that deliberately PREVENTS you from connecting it to the internet!?? Whilst I have seriously limited WiFi connectivity in my garden, I have perfect mobile signal. But the firmware for these devices is written by imbeciles who are wholly incapable of making it possible to connect to a mobile device. Now don’t get me wrong, I’m surrounded by super strong WIFI from my neighbours, which I suspect is the primary underlying issue here, BUT NO! I CANNOT connect to their WIFI in order to listen to MY music on MY echo dot, via MY mobile phone! do not buy this garbage if you want the flexibility to use this how you want, where you want, when you want!Do buy, if you want to be dictated too on how & when you can use it! An otherwise great product, totally let down by mediocre design & implementation & I won’t be buying any more Amazon branded garbage!


  I've had an Echo Plus for about 2 years now, and recently we added a standard Echo and Echo Dot to the range. First off, the Echo Plus and standard Echo work fine, occasional hiccups but nothing unnexpected for such technology!The Dot however, is more hinderance than help. I would estimate at least twice a week I have to switch the device off at the plug, in order to do a hard reset. This is often the result of a complete crash, where it will not respond to voice, the buttons on top or the App. There are other weird bugs as well.The other issue is when playing a radio station, sometimes it starts playing a second occurance of the station thats a few seconds behind, leading to a bizzare and annoying long echo sound. Then, when you try and stop it playing the radio, it stops playing one but cannot stop the other. Again, the only fix is killing the power, waiting 10 seconds and rebooting.Today there was a new issue that was annoying. Last night it hadnt responded to me to turn a light off, so I used my phone to switch off the bulb and turned the Echo dot off at the wall. This morning I powered it back up, to a red light and alexa telling me it couldnt connect to wifi. Strange, as its right next to the access point.  Upon delving into it some more, it wanted me to set it up as if it was a brand new device. Fine, lets do that then. When trying to use the same Wifi password as the other two alexas (Still working, by the way), it kept telling me the password was wrong over and over! It also showed the signal to my access point as 1 bar! Once again I did a hard reset, and what do you know? Its all okay again.Overall, if you're going to get one of these, do NOT get the dot. I cant imagine what people think of this tech if they only have a DOT. Spend the money, get a proper Echo or an Echo Plus.


  This product was bought for the reminders so Alexa could give me a reminder as and when needed to keep up with my medical needs. Very disappointing! I have spent all day today chatting with support teams and tech teams etc to be told there is no fix for the issue I have. The issue being that I can control the alarm and timer volume no problem but the reminders which are needed do not have a volume button and Alexa decides to say these very very quietly so I cannot hear them when they are announced. The only option I was given was to turn the volume up on the whole echo dot speaker but this just makes everything else too loud. The reminders feature is rendered useless if you cannot hear the reminders or be able to control the volume so you can hear them. My phone does a better job than the echo dot for this feature. Also, the voice recognition took two days to sort out.


  I've tried several of these over the last month and with each had the same problem - they won't recognise my router. So, I tried another router. Wouldn't recognise it. I tried adding the app to another computer, to another phone, to a tablet - still nothing. I was on the phone with an Amazon technical assistant for over an hour. No luck. I finally gave up and accepted that this technology isn't going to work for me! Saved myself lots of money. Oh - and if you strong accent, like Welsh or Irish - don't even bother. You ask for the weather and it will play you It's Raining Men. Serious!


  Try as I might I cannot get this product to pair with my Kindle Fire tablet.  I spent over an hour in 'chat' to Barath last night and still no joy.  Not intuitive in the slightest … although it will pair with phones and laptop.  However the main reason for purchase was to supplement the poor sound from Fire to use when I'm teaching and using my own sound files and items on WJEC website.  Quite frankly just want to put a hammer through it.....


  Rubbish device unless we hv just been unlucky in receiving faulty devices. 10 months after purchase Alexa began to haphazardly play unrequested music at any time day & night even tho not connected to any music streaming. In guarantee timeframe so was sent a (obv reconditioned) replacement which within 1 day developed same fault. Quick google check showed I'm not alone in this. Now requesting refund & suggest tech team investigate this


  Well what can we say, it's no good, nearly 19 months old, and going in the bin ! It's hardly had any use, it's in the gym, and no-one in this house likes going in there ! Speakers distorted so much we can't hear what is being played, I feel it was a waste of our money, I am always honest when reviewing, and I have to say I am so disappointed in this product. As such it is out of warranty, I contacted customer services, it ISN'T being replaced, I couldn't be more dissatisfied, they have offered us some discount, no thanks mate, I'd rather keep my 85% and loose the 15% discount that we have been offered !


  I have three Alexa devices in my house and two of them work fine. The Dot voice recognition is absolutely hopeless. Unlike the larger devices, the dot simply cannot understand many plain English commands. For example, "play BBC radio four" or any other similar request will return some random radio station, usually from the USA. Even asking it what the BBC is returns garbage responses. It's not as if I'm asking for something obscure. My accent is not unusual and the larger Alexa devices have no problem understanding my requests immediately.Avoid the dot!


  Been a prime member for years and never had any problems until now. I ordered this echo dot on Amazon prime day , when there promotion included 6 months free amazon music.  After linking to our phones and amazon app etc we found that the 6 months promotion had not been applied . We also did not get any kind of email confirmation regarding the promotion.  When we contacted amazon we were told we not amazon we would need to provide photographic evidence of the promotion they had advertised. . Absolutely disgusted with amazon over this. This is false advertising and pretty low from one of the biggest and best companies in the world.


  I've now bought three of these, one being an echo, and two echo dot’s. Quite frankly setting them up was almost impossible. One of them still not set up up and therefore cannot be used.The alexa app and setup just takes you round and round in circles and goes nowhere.I should point out I'm very competent with computers and have no problem setting anything up, installing components files etc.I eventually managed to get two of these working by taking them to another location on the property and logging into an extension of my existing wi-fi. When I returned to the house they work perfectly. For reasons I will never understand the third one doesn't appear to work this way wayI have spent hours going round round in circles trying every which way to get the wi-fi to work without success.I would however say that when the setup is complete and they do connect to wi-fi, they work perfectly, and are actually extremely useful and do what they say on the tin.It is completely pointless having a setup app that just simply keeps going round and round in circles and telling you to go back to the app which tells you to go back to the app. This is very poor amazon!!


  You need to be aware that although Alexa can open the BBC Sounds app - she can’t stream it, so no Radio 4 ...... She also won’t play the music you downloaded onto your Apple phone, and she gave up reading my Audible books after a couple of weeks, so I was left with asking her to turn the table lamps on and off - which I can do from my phone anyway!!!  Don’t need my horoscope read, the time told to me, or have tell me Alexa what the weather is doing outside my window ........a waste of money, if you ask me!


  Can't pronounce names correctly. Is very slow to react and respond to commands. The audio clips are not well completed for a normal flow. Google Home Mini works 100% better and feels fluid. - so 2 hours after I left this review, a South African agent called me asking why I had left a 1 start review. He then proceeded to tell me he can fix my dot. I explained to him that the dot doesn't say names correctly which is really annoying. I told him the name it couldn't pronounce and he also couldn't pronounce this correctly after 4 attempts. He then hung up on me. Very strange.


  I'm virtually at state retirement age and was given an echo dot as a birthday gift. Wouldnt buy it myself, particularly after using it for a few weeks. Dont want to subscribe to amazon music or any other payable service so there are limitations on what she will play/do. Alexa doesnt always understand or have the correct answer when asked a question. She knows the time but I can equally turn my head and look at the clock. She will tell me the weather but the met office app on my phone is better. I dont have any other related smart devices and dont intend to buy/install any (lighting controls etc) so I feel the use of echo dot is very limited. I'm not infirm yet and think that it probably does me good to get off my bum and walk to the light switch! Also concerned about the data that is being held on/about me by amazon. I therefore can not recommend this product.


  Great speaker and it's good that the devices respond to different names.  Unfortunately, their integration with Philips Hue and now their loss of integration with Harmony makes them next to useless.  They're nowhere near as good as the Google equivalent in terms of intelligence or continued conversation.  Such a shame that the hardware is so good when the lack of support and the software is so poor.  I currently have two but they're going to have to go back given they no longer function as intended.


  We have several echo devices. This was an upgrade but it failed to work. Two replacements also failed. Alexa accepted instruction and confirmed “playing (track name)” followed by silence. Failed also to play radio stations. Connected to net, gives time etc but although app shows playing device does not play. Sometimes after a while will start to play (after no instruction to do so). But then later will not play. Frustrating. Now on second hour of going through refund process. Amazon is good when everything is ok but terrible to try to correct something.


  OMG! What is wrong with this? I am usually very good at setting things up intuitvely but I've spent over 2 hours this evening trying to download the Alexa app and go through the set up and the most I was able to achieve was to listen to music on my phone, whilst Alexa just kept on flashing her orange light at me and every now and then telling me in 4 different languages that I needed to download the Alexa app and follow the set up instructions! I can't stand any more of this nonsense so umfortunately semding it back and will not be bothering with that anymore. Just a complete waste of time!


  So for the first six months, my Echo Dots (2) were great! They connected immediately and the sound quality and voice recognition were first class.What happened? Suddenly they both took an hour to connect to the internet. The usual 'red ring of death' and 'please consult the help section of your Alexa app'. Nothing else in the house had changed. Same router, same wifi. I spennt many hours talking to Amazon tech support but they just assume that you are not tech savvy and dont know how to enter a WiFi password. Eventually had both replaced and were again fine for a day or two, then the same problem. Its not a WiFi problem because I can see both devices logged in on my router's admin pages.I suspect that a software update caused this issue.I need to turn them off to move them between rooms, so eventually I just stopped using them. very sad.


  Terrible. You have to repeat requests several times regardless of training your voice. The app forgets it's even trained your voice too. It's a poor show of bad hardware and poor softwareOften times it doesn't even recognise the trigger word so you end up shouting at the dam thing.Edit. Train your voice ask who am I - one time it knows next time it's says it doesn't know but is using my account. It's riddled with poor software


  I was disappointed that it doesn’t have a battery! I wanted to move the speaker to enjoy some music in the sun outside... but as soon as I disconnected the cable, it died. It was only then that I realised this speaker does not have a battery. And the charging cable is Amazon proprietary rather than a standard USB cable. So it’s useless outside the kitchen where it is now stuck.You would expect a smart speaker at this high price to have at least a battery. I have other (Bluetooth) speakers that I connect to my phone using Spotify and they have the same if not better sound quality. And have a battery, so easy to move around (or take with me when I travel). But this Alexa speaker has none of those. So when I’m sitting in the living room and want to turn off living room lights, I need to walk to the kitchen to ask to turn of the living room lights? No way!


  A nightmare to set up, asking me questions I had no answer for, in the end I unplugged and sent back, a load of crap, I don't recommend,4 months on and I bought another, I couldn't get it connected to my WiFi,followed what instructions it gave but no luck getting it setup again, Monday its going back to amazon,it worked through my phone but not on its own. I think they are a load of crap


  Will be returning this. Sometimes doesn’t respond. Plays music without command. Freaky. Voice recognition is poor too. I bought a black one also for my mum in the same week and thought I’d had a faulty one. Shock! Hers does the same thing and is even worse. Happy birthday mum. Here’s a faulty electronic that does 1% of what is advertised. Disappointed to say the least.*Edit* also have had my internet looked at since purchasing to see if this was the issue. IT ISNT. It’s a faulty echo x2.


  Have to manually reconfigure Internet every time it turns on, and i have stable solid Internet average 8mb upload and around 30mb download. Constantly interrupts you trying to sell you amazon music and most of the good songs you'll want to listen to are blocked behind a paywall, both oldies classics and newer music. Save money buy a Bbetter quality bluetooth speaker for the same price and use YouTube. After approx 9 months alexa will answer you and still try to sell amazon music to you but will no longer play music. From personal library, playlists in prime or radio. Piece of junk and now a paperweight as Amazon won't acknowledge it's broken and refund.


  This was purchased as an xmas pressie for myself however almost from day 1 the specs starting having issues it would crackle and not respond or just turn itself off mid way of a game or music ibdodnt have any issues with setup or it recognising even my 2yrs voice who enjoyed very much at making it fart constantly I was disappointed as u wasnt aware of all the additional hidden charges just to listen to a song and yes there is the radio but that doesn't love up to if you're looking for an individual track. I have had to request to return this and have asked for it to be replaced with a Google mini instead. I also didn't like the sound quality of a person's voice when you called someone it was very weak and they could barely hear half the time and this was with the volume all the way upTo sum it up I never would have purchased this for myself and certainly wouldn't recommend to anyone based on my experience


  Unless you already pay for Amazon Prime, AND Amazon Music get ready to get stung, i payed for my alexa device thinking it would be amazing, which it is, but then a month later you find out your being charged for amazon prime, and amazon music, seperately, totalling £12 a month, on top of the device price.... then when i questioned amazon customer service about this charge, they cancelled the music subscription without my permission so now its useless, cant even listen to music.. BE AWARE WHEN PURCHASING, THESE HAVE A MONTHLY RUNNING SUBSCRIPTION COST


  bit slow and doesn't seem to recognise questions easily  ask a question  eg  the wife asked who was playing a song from the 60's what we were listening to  and it started blabbing away about a Lady Gaga concert , sound quality good  and finally Alexa intergration  doesn't even recognise anything to do with Alexa  (not that i use alexa)  so all in all not worth the money  paid  lucky it was a xmas present  cause i would definitly not buy  this product


  The echo dot is a terrible machine. The machine don't like to connect to the internet. Most of the time it flashes red to tell me that it can't connect to the internet. The echo dot is meant to give people a good experience but all I have is bad experiences. When I need the dot to turn on a light I have to tell it 10+ times before it will actually work once. After the first day of using the echo dot, when the device started going down hill by not connecting and taking so long to get it to do things. It is easier to get up and turn the light on/off without using the echo dot. The echo dot have made turning on/off lights more stressful because it don't like working. Also the device gives me notifications that isn't really there. It gives me more fake notifications which is not acceptable. Plus on top of that the echo dot randomly turn on lights without saying a word. It's a very poorly designed device. The device is NOT worth the money due to it fails all the time. COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME.


  I bought this product after extensive research along with the Hive heating and hot water system with professional installation and a couple of Hive SMART plugs. The idea being to SMART-en up our home with full Alexa voice integration with Hive products as well as existing Amazon and Bluetooth technology. We had problems from the start pairing the 3rd Gen Echo Dot to our Bose sound system but managed to get that working. Alexa worked okay for a few hours and then stopped working and became totally unresponsive despite several attempts to re-boot and reset the technology. Amazon agreed to exchange the product with little fuss which is a comfort to know but also raises doubt as to the reliability of these products - are they mass manufacturing so many of them that they don't go through a rigorous QC process before being despatched ? We await the replacement device and will make further comment in due course. I've given an overall rating of 1 star on the basis that we don't have a functional device.


  Echo is fine. Its the annoying fact that it came with 3 months free Amazon music unlimited for which I was then charged for every month for the past 3 months and every month have had to phone up to get the refund. First time I rang the staff member said it hadn't been free... So if you buy this and it comes with any free music make sure you take a screenshot. This is the final "free month" so think will try out Spotify.


  Hi, I already have a 1st generation that I am very plased with. I have just taken delivery of this 3rd generation only to find it has to be used via Apple play store. The problem is, I use a Microsoft  Windows 10 on both by PC and smart phone. This does not have the facility to use Apples play store, so this 3rd generation is at the moment useless to me unless I buy a new Android smart phone, which I am loathe to do.ANY SUGGESTIONS FOLKS.


  Update: I received a call from customer service this morning following this review, and Eugene was very helpful and friendly. He advised that he had seen that I was already talking to their agents for a very long time and that at this stage I just needed a replacement. He organized it immediately and I’ll update the review once I receive it and it hopefully works!Original: I managed after a couple of hours to get it to set up when it arrived yesterday, and it connected to Wifi and worked for all of about 40 minutes, before disconnecting again and it still won't connect. I have done everything suggested, reset it, reset my phone, reset my Wifi router, renamed my network and changed the password, reset the network settings and all of this after a really long time of chatting with customer service reps who were very polite but instructed me to do each thing from the list that I had already tried. I did so anyway and nothing has worked. I have tried to set it up with 3 different phones, deregistered it, tried on a mobile hotspot, anything I could think of. Uninstalled and reinstalled the app etc. etc. The best it has done was confirmed it connected and then said it would update and let me know when it was done. It went orange spinning light for over an hour and then said it couldn't connect to wifi and to contact help through the app. Ubelievably frustrated with this and I tried to use the instant call back feature on the service website and called the number when that didn't work, can't get a phone call to work at all and the webchat doesn't allow you to get a replacement.


  Okay, I’m sure that there are millions out there who love their Alexa ... I bought this because it was on sale and it was supposed to play Apple Music seamlessly. It doesn’t!I’m an Apple user hence at a disadvantage ... it’s not as seamless as advertised.If you’re in the apple ecosystem, this is not for you ... it would be lovely if Siri had its own cheap version ... shame. I had hoped it would work nicely. Item returned.


  It doesn't often do what I ask it to do. If I want it to play specific songs from Spotify, it seemingly cannot do that though it's capable of playing songs from Amazon music. There are times it seems to listen to what we're saying and even though the word "Alexa" isn't uttered, it'll start telling us information about what we're talking about or playing random music. It is a very expensive timer, that is all it's used for. I imagine, if you're disabled it may help with answering calls and turning on lights etc but with all that extra cost, it's not worth having in your home.


  I won this machine in a raffle.The enclosed instructions were minimal.I eventually got it working and it played music for me.I switched it off for the night and it now wanted  me to set-up all over again!. Did this twice. Manuals etc. on the amazon web set  "Free" are not free as one is asked to take actions which cost.Cannot find a use for it so am giving it my Grandchildren. They may find it of more use than me


  Alexa dot was purchased for me as a gift so I could use Alexa upstairs as well as downstairs ( and not having to unplug the echo and move it all the time)  I telephoned and asked before purchase if I would need another subscription to play the music, I was told no it would work on both with one subscription.However this has not been the case Alexa when I ask to play music on dot alexa says I need another subscription, can you please advise , as the dot wouldn't have been purchased if this was the case.


  I’m not satisfied with Alexa at all. And not because of the device , but the program featuring ... first IM NOT ALLOWD to use the device except I pay and it’s monthly , early or for life time (38,99£) , anyway I buy it and after started the big struggle... the app didn’t recognise my amazon account.... I couldn’t sign in even with a new made profile.... after it doesn’t allow you to do much... of course you can’t play what you want, but only the Amazon music, which isn’t helping a lot...


  My partner bought one from Argos and then we got one given as a part of a deal. Absolutely hate this device, useless piece of .... Only used to play white noice for my baby and it manages to ruin it every night, doesn’t mater what setting we put it on. Regret the purchase every day. Every request you make, Alexa repeat title( which is louder then actual music and it’s always so long and wakes baby up) instead of just playing the song. Absolutely hate it. Don’t waste your money, you are better off with Spotify and decent speaker.Only gave it one stat as negative stars are not an option here.


  We are an Alexa house... I have 4 2nd gen echos, 3 show 5s, a show 8 and the sub, and three of these awful little pieces of junk.They replaced a pair of gen 2 dots which were bulletproof.These piles of rubbish continually disconnect from the mesh. NONE of the other device ever do.  The old ones never did.. hence I can only assume the problem is these.  I am so sick of hard resetting them.  They are awful and will soon be in the bin.


  I own thousands of CD's which I have added to my itunes both on my iPod and my iMac. No problems there.But if I want to use them on my Alexa, I have to pay again. Mozart seems to be unknown.I am sure it is just me, but the information you receive is more about hype than trying to tell me how to use it, and how to be able to use what I have already paid for. It seems to be difficult to understand, although when my grandchild teaches us what to do, we might make it work.


  I bought the following items together.Portable Docking Speaker for Echo Dot 3rd GenerationEcho Dot (3rd Gen) - Smart speaker with Alexa - Charcoal FabricThey worked well together and I was pleased with the sound.  However, I came into the room one morning after the products were on standby and I found the items to be smoking.  This was obviously very scary as they could have set fire to the house whilst myself and my family were sleeping. I returned both items and asked if they could both be looked into as I was unsure which item had caused the smoking.I have not heard anything back from either. No apology or any further information.I think this is disgusting and seems to disregard the danger that my family were put under.I am extremely disappointed and upset.  VERY POOR from both manufacturers.


  I cannot comment on this device as I was unable to set it up and have wasted most of my afternoon attempting to do so. It is not simple. To set it up you have to connect to Amazon's WiFi system not your own. I contacted Amazon Help and the operator I spoke to finally admitted that several WiFi providers, including BT, do not allow multiple accesses and that I would have to go to BT Customer Services or their website to find out how I could disable this function and allow Amazon access - assuming this was possible! I should not have to do this to set up a device. I already have one of the 1st Generation Dots and it was simple to set up. If you have the 'wrong' internet provider, be warned, this is not! I am sending mine back. Life is too short!


  just had my 2 dots delivered and can not have different music playing on each 1 from amazon music without subscribing to a family music plan that costs £7.99 a month there's no mention of that in any of the multitude of adverts trying to sell these items , I'd send them back but it's such a mess on I will give 1 to my son to use spotify and the other to my granddaughter for her birthday


  After receiving a message whilst I was at work saying my delivery was 8 drops away I expected to see my package as I arrived home. I arrived home 4 hours later and my package was still 8 drops away. After seeing on the tracking map that my driver was less than a mile away I decided to take it upon myself to find them. I arrived down the road to find a van with the hazards on driving side to side along the road as if they were lost. I stopped next to the van to ask them about my package. There was a middle aged couple that didn’t speak any English accompanied by their 8 year old son, who was the only one to speak very bad, broken English and do all of the talking to me. After explaining I’d seen the package so close to home 4 hours previous they looked on their mobile and said that there was another driver delivering to me. I explained and showed on my tracking map that I’d found THEM as my delivery driver and they then started to search the van for my package. As they did this they were throwing all other packages in the van around and against the side of the van to find mine potentially damaging other orders. Once the package was found the number of the address on their phone was different to the number of the address on my app and on my parcel but with the same name and other details. This was ridiculously hard to explain as none of them spoke English. Eventually I was able to obtain my package myself after losing all hope that I would even receive the package at all. I find this absolutely unacceptable especially as I’ve requested delivery and the staff you have hired are clearly incapable of doing their job.Never have I ever had to hunt down and find my delivery driver for a package.


  I bought an Amazon Alexa tower for my bedroom and despite the half hour per day at most that I listen, I pay the exorbitant £10 or so per month for the streaming of music. I though that by purchasing an Amazon Dot for my kitchen that I would be able to benefit from the same music. There is only me and my wife in the house - and she is very hard of hearing. So, in reality, its just me that listens. I only have two ears that cannot stretch 30 feet, so I cannot manage to listen to both at the same time. Can you imagine that I am angry that Alexa wants to charge me another £14 per month to listen to music on the Dot. Being as were are, two old-age pensioners, it was hard enough to pay for the hardware. The extra profits go to line the pockets in the £millions that the Amazon owners make from poor people like me. Is this fair?


  The product works well but concerned about the conditions of those who made it after reading BBC article. (See below)Amazon Echo devices made by Chinese teens 'working through night' - reportsChina Labor Watch say "interns" made up 20% of a factory's workforceAmazon has pledged to investigate allegations that hundreds of teenagers are working illegal hours at a Chinese factory producing its Echo devices.A new report by China Labor Watch claims more than 1,500 "interns" were manufacturing the smart assistants at a factory run by supplier Foxconn.The teenagers, aged between 16 and 18, were reportedly pressured into work 60 hours a week and night shifts.Foxconn has blamed local managers and vowed to improve monitoring of staff.The company, which makes products for a number of technology giants, has allegedly fired two senior staff members at the site in Hengyang, Bloomberg reports.It is the latest in a string of controversies surrounding working conditions at the manufacturer, which is headquartered in Taiwan.In 2017, it emerged some students were working illegal overtime at another Foxconn facility making Apple iPhone Xs.What does the report say?The latest report into Foxconn, first detailed in the Guardian, alleges hundreds of school students have been drafted in from local vocational schools to help fulfil orders.The report alleges the so-called interns are paid as little as $1.42 (£1.18) an hour, or about $248 (£205) a month, for their time. The teenagers were reportedly expected to work 10 hour shifts, including two hours overtime, six times a week.Foxconn broke 'a number of rights violations'Factory 'replaces 60,000 workers with robots'China Labor Watch say many students sleep in shared dormitories and face pressure from teachers, who are also recruited, to work hours that violate labour regulation."If interns were unwilling to work overtime or night shifts, the factory would arrange for teachers to pressure workers," the report says. "For interns who refuse to work overtime and night shifts, the factory requests teachers from their schools to fire them."Activists also make allegations of physical and verbal abuse by teachers at the site. The intern's schools are compensated financially for their time, the report adds.Foxconn Technology Group has defended its use of interns (file photo)One student, a 17-year-old named as Xiao Fang, was quoted by China Labor Watch describing her role putting protective film over about 3,000 Echo Dot devices a day.The report says she found working in the "very bright" and "hot" factory very tiring and she did not want to work overtime."The teacher went to speak to Xiao Fang and said that if she doesn't work overtime, she can't intern at Foxconn and this will affect her graduation and scholarship applications at the school etc," the report says."With no choice, Xiao Fang could only endure this."What has the response been?Amazon, owned by the world's richest man Jeff Bezos, said in a statement to the BBC it does not tolerate violations to its supplier code of conduct."We are urgently investigating these allegations and addressing this with Foxconn at the most senior level," the statement said. "Additional teams of specialists arrived on-site this wee k to investigate, and we've initiated weekly audits of this issue."The BBC has approached Foxconn for comment. In a statement to the Guardian newspaper, the company said it had "doubled the oversight and monitoring" of its school programme."There have been instances in the past where lax oversight on the part of the local management team has allowed this to happen and, while the impacted interns were paid the additional wages associated with these shifts, this is not acceptable and we have taken immediate steps to ensure it will not be repeated," they said.Foxconn also reportedly pledged to review salaries and increase regular worker levels.Media captionAmazon’s head of Alexa, Dave Limp, on privacy concerns


  The sound quality on these is very poor overall. I own another alexa which I can ask to play 'BBC radio 1' but for some reason this one is American and you have to enable mytuner radio get BBC radio, then ask 'mytuner radio to play BBC radio 1' yet my other one works perfectly. After reading up about it, Amazon don't seem to care and its pot luck. I now own two which I have to use that stupid app and one that works as should. Sort it out amazon!


  waste of time and space. received and charged for 2 devices instead of 1.Doesnt understand commandsPoor wifi card which can barely see the wifi in my home.Alexa setup forces you to change your password....which is your Amazon password but labelled as your Alexa password. I now have to reauthenticate 10 devices.Customer services need 24-48 hours to respond.  Returning it as it's simpler and frankly terrible user experience


  I’m really disappointed and if I had paid full price I would definitely return for my money back.Alexa is really not that smart and can only satisfy basic needs such a playing music from Amazon. If the names of the music you like are slightly quirky she won’t understand or be able to locate it.Screaming the wake word is also not ideal and it’s best to get your phone out to control her rather than hurting your throat for her to hear you over her own noise.Turning on in the middle of the morning? Creepy.If you use her a lot you will feel like you’re talking to a brick wall.I’m really disappointed with the amazing amazon echo dot, and I find better use out of my generic Bluetooth speaker.


  Had issues with sound distorting after 6 to 7 months. Given various things to try but nothing worked. It took a while for me to try several things and get back to amazon as I packed it away when moving. It had now gone past 12 months old and all amazon can offer is a 15% discount. Won't replace or refund.I would be cautious about buying one as it seems the day they pass there 12 month warranty Amazon don't want to know. Regardless of what services you subscribe to and money you spend per month.


  I am so frustrated with this and will be returning.  I have identical device downstairs.  Say the same commands to this and it 'cannot see....'. It does not see my music playlists, the whole point of me purchasing it. I am feeling like my Music Unlimited is a waste of money too.


  As it goes don’t usually get problems with items like this one but the one I received has been horrendous. No option to factory reset, have attempted the “25 second action button reset” that fixes everything and it’s done nothing. Taken the power out for few days let alone hours and it’s done nothing, reset the modem for the WiFi, tried 2.4ghz channels and 5.0ghz channels on the WiFi with zero success on anything. Not only that looked around on this product and no option to return it. Safe to say this has been the worst experience for a first time fault, luckily this isn’t my first amazon device because it would of put my off purchasing anything else if it was. This device in particular does not deserve the one star I have had to give it. Hopefully someone can get in touch off the back of this so I can return the item.


  Initially very pleased, but after a couple of weeks I happened to disconnect it for a day or two. On plugging back in it keeps telling me it is having problems connecting to WiFi. All other my phone and iPad are all connected OK. Have tried rebooting to no avail! It my be going to be booted out of the window!! Very disappointed!


  after trying for about 6 hours I took back. I suspect the version of amazon Fire was not able to work with this generation Alexa, the app was clunky, but not really anything on line to indicate this. kept 'hijacking wifi' but not verified then kept saying wasn't on line...all very confusing....check it works with you device first OR  just alexa on your device and it tells you the same stuff...


  Don’t get it, it was a Gift doesn’t work with my fire stick just plays music out of a single speaker as for the fire stick I don’t mind pressing the buttons on the remote to change channels the only reason I got that cause my tv runs youview and that’s rubbish so I turned it off And I need something to run the iPlayer s otherwise I would not have bothered just don’t see the point of the device unless perhaps if your disabled or lazy.


  thought this would be a good blutooth speaker with added extras but it seems fairly pointless for me. The speaker itself has to be played at low volume to avoid rattling. Alexa annoys more than assists and really does nothing I couldn't do myself through my phone or pad. To be fair it's a cheap speaker so I guess you get what you pay for. Also kicks in uninvited when I am trying to use other blutooth devices.


  Very disappointed!  Worst item every purchased from Amazon. Quality if AI  .Listens all the time. In particular , when discussing politics and world events. Al least 50 times in the last month. Gets a little blue light coming up and spins. We have opted out on all options. Not yo be trusted. Is a little srx mad  gets very fruity lighting up when my wife says any lovely duffy stuff. Feel like we are constantly being spied on.  Strange thst we cant return 13months after purchase.  Anyone who needs a voyeur to dpy on them must need this  echo Dot...  must have for all the kinky people out there. But be warned Amazon  are listening. Or mwybe even a hacker...  Do not buy. She is a freaky.  BLUE BUS SPECIAL.


  I bought this as a radio alarm to replace my previous radio alarm which had broken - I wanted to be woken up by bbc radio as an alarm. Before buying I had done my research and checked this would work. It worked for a week, but then due to a disagreement between BBC and the radio service used by Alexa, this now no longer works. I have tried contacting customer service and Alexa suggestions but neither have been helpful. The BBC want to be able to use their radio channels as an alarm but as this is a third party Alexa skill, you can't use it with alarms. Amazon please sort this issue.


  When it works it good just it doesn’t that often. Very very annoying!! I have had this for quite a few months and Alexa is simply regressing. The thing doesn’t understand won’t play the music you ask so all in all I spend most of my time swearing at the dumb thing. It’s a massive shame! I think the answer is to cancel music unlimited and go to Spotify and stream. I bought this to pair with an echo but it’s like pulling teeth. I don’t know what on Earth amazon are up to but it’s not a lot on this things performance.


  Unfortunately my echo dot won't go online and sync to any apps. It works great for general questions,  weather updates but that's about it. Anytime I attempt to sync it with apps it just shows up offline.  I've tried all the trouble shooting steps and tips,  restart setup, restart Wi-Fi rooter (wifi signal is very good) and noting has worked.  I will be sending my Dot back.  Other people I know have these and have had no problems so maybe mine is just a once off,  i might try again in the future but for now it's going back.


  At first it was erratic connecting to my perfectly functioning internet. Now it won't connect at all. Tried set up about 10 times yesterday. Then did a factory reset. My other 1st Generation works well, sets up straight away, also our smart T.V. works on the internet. So not internet. Even if this is the only device being connected, it won't, just the red light telling me it's having trouble connecting. I have read, re read the help on the Alexa app, still to no avail. Missed the Ist Month abilty to send back, now not easy?Is this why 3rd Gen are cheap at 39.99, and there are also many refurbished ones for sale?My advice - Ist gen is great, don't buy the 3rd Gen - rubbish


  This is the 2nd, 3rd generation echo dot ive tried to connect in a 7 day period.Im using plusnet, so ive had to split the 2.4 and 5mhz  ssid frequencies for the dot to connect to 2.4 only.I got a setup complete messsge from alexa, before she turned off , and said 'im having trouble understanding right now'.Frankly, im having trouble understanding why this device is proving impossible to connect to wifi...2 units being returned...


  Although I am very pleased with the unit what is driving me mad is question of the day.  Even if I am correct 'she' accuses me of looking it up on the internet. or saying 'she' doesn't understand or gives me a whole verse of what my answer means. I end up screaming at it/her.  Not the best way to start the day. However music good (now paying the extra but worth it) shopping lists recipes etc


  I don't appreciate alexa phoning me out of the blue whilst im sat next to her and not even asking her for anything. I think mine is deaf cause when i do call her name, she's ignorent. If i say, flexy lexy, guess who turns blue? Listens to my conversations, but doesn't respond very well when i want something. Thinking of filing for a divorce, just not working out.


  Don’t see the point of this at all.Have it and hate asking it for music doesn’t get you the music you want. Too hard to connect to heating system and TV. Am spending too much time trying to bridge connections of ‘connected’ devices, would’ve been quicker to turn my heating up on my app or switch the light switch myself!!!The app shows where everything is recorded including my children. Not likely to be used passed 1 full day.


  I bought this as a surpise for my wife so that she could listen to music that she likes and I was going to setup and  operate it from my laptop, but found no instructions on how to do this, only instructions for Android.Finally got it going some shape through Ask but when I went to use it again it wanted to be reset.Having spent a day doing it the first time I could not face this so I have put in in a drawer as a dead loss.My son came with his Apple Iphone and failed on that too. All instructions are for Adroid (is this tied to Amazon?)Anyway, bad news , I will be careful to avoid been in a similar situation in the future!


  This was a truly unwanted gift! I have no use for it. But worse than that, it wants to sign me up for purchases I don't need either.  I don't want a piece of tech to tell me what to buy.It played some children's music, one piece was from Frozen. When our 3 year old asked for Elsa, Alexa told us we'd have to pay.BUT IT HAD ALREADY BEEN PLAYED TO US IN A RANDOM MIX.


  Multi room play doesn’t work. Set it up on both dot and plus but she doesn’t recognise the commands. Very frustrating.App very glitchy, both got and plus hang, stop playing and require hard restart (unplugging) to work.Disappointing and not really worth the money I’ve paid for both in my opinion.


  You have to scream ALEXA, even if your standing near the thing! Ask her to play specific music and off she goes playing what ever the hell she wants, and yes I have subscribed to the amazon music but not sure why I bothered now!When playing music upstairs (whilst getting ready) then moving downstairs it is impossible to take your music with you, screaming ALEXA stop and trying again every 5 seconds! Unless I played the music initially everywhere then moved downstairs and let it carry on signing away to itself upstairs despite using every command I can think of it wouldn’t shut one off and continue it on the other!Another thing which musky irritates me is no slots in the back to wall mount the thing! The way our house is layed out means it’s in a corridor between all three bedrooms upstairs so I can hear music in bathroom, so it’s currently sat on the floor!


  I bought this to go travelling assuming that as it was Bluetooth I simply needed to recharge the batteries. I should perhaps have been more cautious in view of the absence of this feature in the product description.Well as I said I opened the box to find that this unit needs to be plugged into a wall socket and so will not be suitable at all.So after just 2 minutes more junk for the recycle trash can and no speaker to take on my travels, just a £40 hole in my finances for trusting Amazon.


  I ordered this one this is my third Alexa and I ordered the white one because it said it comes with clock showing on the side of it and it doesn't I would like to know why


  speaker is awesome but then so are the tv and music speakers I have already. what a waste of time this gadget is. its like a whole old of answers to questions you never had or thought of. it does what it says it does just about but what's the point of it. my phone does everything I need or want and is always with me. this thing has to be plugged in, in the house, and even then all I get is frustration when it doesn't do what I want or recognise anything. was a music player its ok but forget anything else, waste of time and money


  It’s great when it works. Half the time you ask for a song, Alexa repeats the song and then doesn’t play it. Amazon customer services say this has happened for around five months because my Spotify ran out a few weeks ago and now refuse a replacement or refund which my warranty entitles me to. I wouldn’t waste your money!


  Why only one star? Well, this came bundled with a Ring Doorbell 2 but, amazingly, isn’t compatible with the ring doorbell 2!! Ring doorbells only work with video echo’s. They won’t even announce a visitor I.e. ring a bell, on the echo. Shame.The actual device, if you use it as an echo, is fine. We have 5 echo’s of various types and it’s now quite difficult to know how i’d live without them


  Worst device imaginable unless you are into frustration, bad audio quality, having to fight to get anything to work, the device chiming in everytime the tv is on, it not understand you or it understanding you and then doing something else and it breaking every time something even slightly changes.If you do buy on, DON'T BUY TWO, then don't work together. Try multiroom or group or whatever and they don't show up. They don't even think they are on the same network at the moment, sorry I moved my dot 1 inch to the left.


  why do I have to fart about trying to down load items to get the Alexa to work it a big con I bought one so my wife and I could get country music on it all I get is got alexa .com down load the app what the hell is that I don't now much about computers ect  but I now lost £39.99 with Amazon selling stuff that they don't tell you you need a bloody smart phone at 72 years of age  I have no I dear how to use them


  Other than requiring me to spend huge amounts of money on other services or equipment this piece of kit offers nothing that I can't achieve more easily on devices I already own such as a PC, Tablet, mobile phone or pen and paper. In due course I will be cancelling my 99p discounted 4 month Amazon Music subscription that will ultimately cost me £100 per year! I have no intention of spending a similar amount on Spotify.The time I have spent trying to work out how get Alexa to perform tasks (even spending PC research time) far, far outweighs any time that could be saved in future use. It is the only product I have ever owned that comes with no real instructions and expects the user work it out for themselves!Yes, you have guessed right. I do not like this product!


  I’ve already got a google device and the difference in the two is incredible. If you want to buy something from amazon then this is great but if you want to ask a smart device a question it is plainly obvious which one is better.  It isn’t Alexa.  Great you can integrate the lights and heating but I could already do that with my google devices.  All in all if you want to stay in the Amazon world then you will be happy with one of these, if you want to live in the real world then there is no completion and you shouldn’t get an Alexa device.


  I bought this because I thought it would save me from shouting to tell my family that meals are ready. It turned out to be as useful as the original Alexa .... not at all.Don't believe the advertising. 9 times out of 10 Alexa doesn't understand the question, let alone know the answer.  In theory we should be able to turn off lights and control the heating but after days of following pointless instructions, we have never been able to achieve this.  A complete waste of time and money. I'm afraid.


  When I saw the item on offer at £22 I thought I was onto a winner. I bought the Echo dot to replace a DAB radio I have in my kitchen. It's easy enough to set up with the Alex app. The problem started after this. The BBC Sounds function just drops out. Neither the device or the app give an explanation for this. A quick Google search reveals that this is a common problem with no known fix. I've gone back to the radio.


  What did I dislike? The fact that amazon forces you to pay extra for playing Amazon music unlimited if you have multiple Echo devices.Having previously purchase the latest Echo dot Plus and then subscribed to Amazon unlimited I thought it would be a nice to purchase an echo dot thinking I would be able to play music from amazon unlimited on it in another room.Not only can you NOT do this.....Amazon won’t even allow you to play music from the basic Amazon Music subscription which you purchase when you become an Amazon Prime member!!! Unbelievable!Amazon....this is totally unfair and unacceptable!Play fair please....change your policy on this and at least allow multiple device purchasers to play music from their Amazon Music subscription......something you can do from your pc or laptop without purchasing an Echo product !!!Now I can only use the dot as an expensive Bluetooth speaker which is connected to my laptop.Thinking of returning this item and just buying a Sony Bluetooth speaker.


  I got a gen 3 free with a hive thermostat. It was a good deal and I was fairly excited about this. Having tried to use it, I can see why this is being given away free.Stuff it doesn’t do which my google home currently will do; turn my tv on, play any bbc radio station through sonos, play any song from deezer without establishing a Bluetooth connection from my phone. This is only after trying to use it for an evening. Google home also doesn’t require me to download ‘skills’ to operate other equipment within the house. I link the equipment using the google app and away you go. Much more intuitive. Thankfully my hive hasn’t arrived yet so I haven’t linked that to this device. I won’t be bothering, it will be linked to my google home.The only positive I can say is that the speaker sounds reasonable.


  Alexa is more of a advertising agent from Amazon. It consistently keeps telling me to buy one or the other memberships. If you are buying Alexa, make sure you are willing to pay for all the prime, music, video etc etc etc. Otherwise Amazon will irritate the hell out of you.I think there are better assistants out there who are less irritating.


  Usually do not review much but after my little conversation with Amazon chat decided i would. Bought Echo dot 3 in December 2018 and it worked fine for 6 months then started playing up. Had reset  numerous times before complaining to Amazon. Good customer service - replaced it with a refurbished unit. Since then i have had numerous conversations regarding the fact that it works for a day or so then needs resetting (5 other Alexa products are very good in the house). This has been going on since December - contacted them again and it is now out of warranty so i can have 15% discount. I understand warranty doesn't run forever but if you have a complaint in the warranty you should honour it - not a lot of money it is the principle.Moral - good product when working - poor customer service when help needed.


  Worse echo dot added to the collection microphone won't hear wake word a foot away from it yet 2 nd Gen echo dot can hear me from same location and it's two rooms away Amazon Stop milking the word lAlexa and make actual improvements to newer models louder sound doesn't mean better sound loss of USB power supply reduces portability and limits room selection as a power Bank is no longer an option.large bulky power supply obscure more than one power socket


  It appears that all Amazon Echo devices do not work with hidden WiFi networks (non-broadcast SSID's), which is a shame - Hiding a WiFi network is part of being security conscious along with complex passwords.I have tried connecting several Amazon devices I have (firestick, 3 echo dot's and an echo) to a non-hidden network that has full QoS for music and video streaming and then not broadcasting the SSID so that visitors and other devices use a separate network but sadly as soon as this is done all the amazon devices disconnect!I am assuming that the Echo show family do the same, so i will not now purchase them until this is fixed.


  Im a student living in halls, using the eduroam wifi (if you're a student you've probably heard of this, if you're not it basically one big wifi most unis use, it works all over campus so you dont need to know 10 different wifis, and it works across unis). since wifi is provided for me, it is eduroam. when my Alexa was being set up, it showed a list of wifis to connect to, eduroam not even showing up as an option, rendering Alexa completely useless. won't even work as a speaker.


  Absolutely rubbish drops in and oug of connection. May as well use my phone. Customer service is a joke sending you in circles. If you phone the 020 number ypu get charged. My bill for a phone call was over £8!! And i had phoned the 0800 number which transfered me to the Philippines!


  My son received this as a gift and I'm sure it's a fine little smart speaker but not if you have a BT Homehub. We have a BT Homehub5 - type A and it doesn't like the Amazon Echo Dot! I spent hours on the phone firstly to Amazon 'Help' who didn't seem aware of an issue and over a week later I am still waiting for their promised follow up advice. BT Help did seem to be aware of connection issues but again, after spending 2 hours talking me through various steps, including disabling my smart hub, changing parental control settings etc. I was still unable to connect the Echo to either the wifi or to the Alexa App on either mine or my son's phone. I will be returning the Echo Dot after many fruitless hours of Techrage.  Upon googling 'Echo Dot and BT Smarthub connection problems', imagine my surprise at the huge number of pages & articles that appeared, so I am obviously not the first person to have this problem. Given the ubiquity of both BT broadband and the Alexa brand, it would be good if this issue could be sorted out.


  Didn’t connect easily. Ended up doing a reset! Doesn’t respond to it’s location. Plays the radio station for a short time then goes off and other days doesn’t play it at all! Moved it to within 2 metres of the WiFi hub. Not much better so toon it to work. Just as bad. Fortunately the one with a clock works a bit better


  After much umming & arrring about buying one of these I decided to take a crack at one just to find out it's unable to connect to anything useful without buying extra equipment, most glaringly it is unable to connect & play my owned music from my Amazon music account without paying an extra monthly charge.


  What a rip off these things are!!! Didnt realise you would need to pay a monthly subscription to use all facilities! Not once does it mention this in the description. Will not be purchasing anymore. Think once you've purchased it, should be able to use it not pay a monthly subscription to use every part of what it can do!


  Have not yet been able to provide a fair  reveiw due to inability to update wi-fi.  Seems, according to several websites/comments on the internet that Amazon Echo dot and the BT Smart Hub find it difficult to work together. Have not yet found the 'amazon' wi-fi in my list of connections.Am still struggling after almost three weeks of constant endeavour.  Regards.  M. Robertson


  We bought this instead of a radio alarm clock and I can’t get it to play radio instead of an alarm in the morning.  Also seems toLight up. During the night.  Good for non sleeping areas though.  Have moved to living room


  This is a gimmick I used probably a handful of times, the truth is, it is quicker to use a remote for the tv (and more button options), the music mode always sets itself to Amazon music although Spotify is much better and is set to default, but I don’t use either as it’s not as good streaming quality as my tv’s Spotify so that doesn’t get used. it’s quicker to change the temperature on hive by the thermostat itself or my phone and even though it’s suppose to control my Dyson fan it doesn’t connect and both Dyson and amazon have kind of brushed it under the rug so I’ve given up on that. I’ve used google home hub and I’m very tempted to get that because it answers silly questions you don’t expect an answer to... ask Alexa a question, it takes ages to load then isn’t able to answer half of the simple ones. Overall it’s a good job I got this for free or I would be cheesed off. It’s just an ornament at it’s best.


  Dreadful. I have a lot of other Amazon devices including an Echo, which is fine. Won’t play my music or steam the news service I use. Have spent hours being patronised by Amazon customer service. They sent me a new one despite me telling them it wasn’t a hardware issue. The new Echo Dot was even worse and now I’ve got to go to the bother of sending back one of my two semi-bricks. Seriously considering EBAY my 8 devices and going google


  Bought an echo plus, got Amazon music on a 30day free trial, thought it was pretty good so bought a dot for another room. Dot came with a 90 day free Amazon music trial. Didn't get the benefit of it as I'd already used the 30 day with the plus and started paying subscription. Then, having paid out a small fortune for two devices and an Amazon music subscription, the cheeks bastards want to charge you another £15 per month to play music in different rooms simultaneously. ARE YOU TAKING THE F#¿KIN PI$$ OR WHAT? I've just bought two devices and a monthly subscription and you want to absolutely rinse me for the privilege of using them?! Seriously considering sending them back and going with something else. The main reason for buying them was to have music in different rooms but I'm f#¿k'd if I'm paying an extortionate monthly fee for for the occasional use. Cheeky bastards!


  My original alexa dot has been brilliant,sound nearly as good as alexa echo I have, so I ordered 2 more alexa dots but had to send both back because of distorted sound and both items vibrated badly,this may be a faulty batch so I would still try the dot as my old one is excellent.Please don't be put off by my problems because if you have any complaints amazon are very good at refunds regarding faulty items. Regards Paul.


  90% of the times unable to answer my questions that google has no problems answering.When I ask Alexa to turn the Tv on only 20% of the time it works.  A lot of times she confirms that shes switching the tv on but nothing happens.Asked her to shwitch the light on - heaters came on (this happened once)Played music game and in the middle of the game she shut down for no reason.  After resuming the game she started playing some game advert and asked to subsscribe for £7.99 a month...Comstantly gets things wrong doesnt know the answer or simply ignores me. It feels lika a battle, much easier and faster to look things up or do it myself...Good speaker tho!


  Speaker crackles when turnt up above 7 and feels under powered compared to other smart speakers on the market. Alexa will also randomly start listening in to conversations and reply accordingly without being promoted. I reported these issues to the manufacturer who refused to help as I have had the device more than 30 days.


  Amazing skills in this machine and sound quality way above expectations. However, I bought this a second echo dot machine and expected the same month's music unlimited trial. Not so. Disappointingly after just one week or so the music stopped and a paid subscription was requested by Alexa. So, if you buy a second machine, don't expect the same benefits. I might have bought the music subscription eventually for machine no.2. but feel short-changed by Amazon, so no chance now. A pity to be negative about this machine because otherwise it is truly amazing. Sharp practice Amazon to advertise something then not provide it !!


  Purchased two units 1 for upstairs 1 groudfloor.Due greed unable to use.without purchasingfurther cost.At no time was this explained.Due to problems with the set ,it took quite sometime to sort out.phone calls made past about between operators who could not explain why,could go on some more but dought much response (DISCUSTED)


  It’s rubbish at recognising any voice! I have two other Alexa devices and this one misses or doesn’t hear/do what I ask! I have the old version and the larger Alexa. This one is rubbish. I have used it in the same room as the others but it still doesn’t get my voice or understand what I say. I can’t believe it can be so bad and so different!? I literally have to hover over it to get it to work!


  Received my echo dot yesterday. Looking forward to setting up. Open the app and 3 dots pulse on the screen.... and never stop. Looking at reviews for the app it looks like many are having exactly the same issue. So my dot and smart plug are sat on the side absolutely useless. How can amazon release an update to the app without testing it first? And why is it taking so long to fix? Il be returning soon for a google mini


  I try to call at Skype she ask me same things all the time that already I said and then she never find anyone at the call. I call normal and they are there...... She can turn on the lights although that's all and make some sounds. So yes doesn't worth the money. If I can't even make a normal call because she can't find anyone at the other line,but only Alexa can't. Skype in general can do it


  I’d say I’m really disappointed with Alexa and I would not recommend it. Yes it might play music etc but the home automation is a joke. Do home automation properly, is the lesson I’m learning fast. Having installed an innens WiFi switch and Alexa recently. Upon voice command the WiFi switch works when it wants and then drops out till I think the next full moon. Having spent Sunday mornings with nothing better to do, than trying to fulfil a checklist, over and over again it still doesn’t work. I’ve given up now, after switch and unit worked for a few days, then stopped and can not connect, if you need to waste time on a Sunday morning get them.


  This appalling agent of Amazon imperialism is a slightly sinister example of Artificial (lack of) Intelligence, designed to take up residence in your home and then respond incorrectly to the majority of commands shouted at it with ever increasing levels of frustration. It only seems to know a basic repertoire of current popular music but struggles to find anything less mainstream and is barely capable of correctly playing a single piece of classical music.


  My ECHO DOT keeps going quiet.  alexa will talk but when she says she is playing anything nothing comes out.  Internet connection is fine.  She says she is fine but it aint fine.  Happens about 2 times per day and i have to unplug her and plug her back in and then its fine until the next time.VERY POOR :-(My old alexa is fine...just this one


  I’ve got an echo and google home, I bought the echo first and loved it. Since then have used the both together, the echo dot on the other hand struggles when I ask it questions and end up getting frustrated and end up using the home, ( I have my echo up stairs and the dot and home downstairs )Not too happy with this purchase unfortunately


  The device is fine but do you have a need for the information it can supply? No music unless you join the Amazon club. I have had this since Christmas and other than the things you ask because it is something new and you want to see how it responds I have asked it one useful question. Will probably unplug this week.


  This is second echo dot & alexa is still deaf half the time & dosent know most of what i ask her, she says i cant play deezer its not in your area when shes just been playing it & she says cant play this or that radio station when shes just played it & go to the app to set it up,  which ive set up, im not impressed at all my mate says her google home is better


  This was gifted to me and I was hoping it would live up to all the TV hype. Unfortunately it has turned out to be a another useless gadget for gadgets sake. Quicker and easier to do things yourself, you will have to spend a lot more money on additional  devices to integrate it into your house hold appliances and then there's no guarantee it will work. A bit of a con really.


  It’s so bad sadly.I only wanted one as liked the design and was on offer with Amazon music which I didn’t really need and will be cancelling anyway for £7.99 lolAnyhoo do yourself a favour go buy something from the Pound shop, the sound quality would probably be better.


  When I first got this it worked fine kow after having a power cut for ten minits it wont work. I can see the lights moving when I talk to alexa like she is answering me but no sound its like the speeker is broken so basicaly its now just a lump of plastic stuck on the side and is just a waste of money


  This product just basically doesn't work. My old one turned off randomly after a few hours but this one turns off randomly after 10mins and continues to do so even when you switch it back on. Do not buy. Amazon have been aware of the issue since March and done nothing about it.


  ...has taken years off my life. I'm sure if you are a techhy this is a great piece of kit. But instructions are unbelievably sparse. I've downloaded apps, connected this directly to my laptop and all it ever states to me (in five different languages) is that she is not connected to wi-fi. Shame on you, Amazon - you are supposed to provide cheap connectivity to the world. I'll pay premium from now on


  My little sister ordered this product out of her Christmas money to play music on, and for all the other perks it offers, not only did it take over a month to come but upon the very tricky set up she learned she has to pay £4 a month in order to play music on the device, understandably this is not a lot of money but As a 15 year old she does not have this money, and it’s not stated anywhere obviously that this is the case, the device does play samples of songs and albums  but that’s not what you pay £30 for! Amazon should make this clear upon ordering, paying more money! For what the device is partly for is despicable! And the device will be returned!


  Struggling with Alexa’s terminology, set up is quick and simple but having trouble with this version understanding what I want it to do, I.e. asked for a specific radio station and it chooses a different one.  Have reported via the app. Not impressed my other echo dot works with no trouble understanding my requests.


  I spoke to someone from Amazon, explained my use for the echo that I needed it for multi room speakers for a salon and I was told that it would be perfect for my use. Received it and it has been absolutely nothing but a nightmare, it constantly plays up, mutes speakers in rooms, turns up the volume randomly sometimes, skips through songs even though the wifi has no issues, sometimes the speakers go fuzzy and make alien like noises. it has been an absolute nightmare and there is no way to contact amazon regarding this issue. Complete mis selling of a product and I would not recommend to use in a salon environment.


  As much as I tried I could not syncs this up, not sure it was a product fault but would not connect to my sky broadband..having said that I have been able to connect speakers with no issues in the past. I returned it via my next store back to Amazon and was impressed with the quick refund I received.


  Not happy with these echos and amazon for that matter. Unfortunately one of these speakers seems to have blown despite having never turned it up high.  Fuzzy audio and year warranty a few months over. The best they could do was offer 15% off another purchase!  I'd expect a replacement with a faulty speaker.  Cant recommend.


  I got this for Christmas, not something Ive ever wanted. You have to pay to listen to music you like which my partner didn't realise and which i can do for free on youtube, ask questions which Google can tell you for free and make lists which my phone can do for FREE. I would not reccommend wasting money on one of these at all. Its a gimmick that everyone bought into. The music app is nearly £10 a month.. £120 a year to listen to music.. it also said I can use Spotify, which I downloaded then it told me I had to have the premium one to use with the Alex's that is nearly £10 a month.. such a rip off!


  We bought this, along with other Alexa devices. This particular unit does not understand questions and tells us it does not have that skill......even though another device understands and has the skill.  They are all set up to the same account. Very strange and also disappointing when you can have fun with the others.


  I find the Alexa voice, far too bass to be easily understandable. As I am older it might be me, but every other device I have is adjustable. This device needs a bass/treble  button or voice command and has neither. I expect it will be  a paperweight in the future. No device of this kind should be annoying.


  I have just been told that the Alexa app, in future, will only work with iOS 11 or above.  That means that all the money I have invested in this crap is wasted as I most definitely will not be buying a new iPad to run that operating system.Be careful out there.


  So annoyed this device worked great for the first few months then it suddenly had connection issues. I have contacted Amazon 3 times and each time they tell me to reset the device I do and the next day the device can't connect again. They refuse to offer a replacement until I have tried everything on a list that includes 15 items and buy more of their technology like a booster.It is so infuriating I have given up with it. Might as well throw it in the bin.Might be able to be fixed if amazons helpdesk or customer service where better.


  Horrible!!! I used to have google home mini and worked perfect with remote controlling my TV, deezer integration and chromecast! On the other hand, echo dot does not properly integrate with deezer, does not connect to my TV at all, no feature to link with my chromecast! The only use it has for now it is only to turn on/ off my smart plugs.. I will return and go back to google mini


  for example if i ask it to 'play bad guy by billie eilish', It'll repeat 'playing bad guy by billie eilish from spotify', but then proceed to play a completely different song.secondly, if I ask it to 'billie eilish', It'll answer by saying 'playing billie eilish from "active user first name" from spotify' and once again play a completely different songThinking of returning if this isn't solved.


  It’s fair to say the Alexa dot is an incredible disappointment. We have an Echo Plus and two Dots. My advice would be stick to the Plus, which works fantastically. The two Dots we have however are just awful. We find ourselves having to stand directly over the device, almost shouting at each of them after it completely ignores our first two or three attempts to communicate with them. This is in stark contrast to the Plus that seems to be able to pick up our voice at first attempt from anywhere in the room.When they do work, they are ok, but not worth the pain of a 1 in 5 (if I’m being generous) success rate.It’s such a shame, as with the Alexa Plus, if Amazon could get the dot right it would be perfect for a smart home setup.Hopefully the next generation of dots will fix these issues.


  I use my Mac and iPhone  to download the app from App Store . However , I did not find the official Alexa app on App Store .I also couldn't find this app from the Amazon website.There is no detailed instruction on this product page. Why let customers guess the process of installing and using this product.The product I need is simple: it is a good sound speaker, it can connect and use other music apps through Bluetooth.If consumers can only pay to listen to music from Amazon Music app , the price of 24.99 pounds is very expensive, and it deceives consumers without specifying it on the product page in advance.


  I am not entirely sure how this product has got so many good reviews, unless I have a faulty one. Voice Recognition is terrible, understanding what I am asking for takes about 10 attempts for ANYTHING I am requesting. I have enabled everything...Music, Games etc but 9 times out of 10, Alexa's response is 'this is not available' or words to that effect.Thankfully I got this product on offer and only spent £30 instead of £50, I would definitely NOT recommend this product to anyone and when I browse Amazon most weeks this product is on offer A LOT and can't say I am surprised.


  Unfortunately due to an array of reasons, I have gone over the period when I can return this item - otherwise it would definitely be going back!  This device just refuses to connect - will not accept my Wifi password no matter what I do.  Friends who have their own Echo Dot's have tried to help, but all to no avail.  I loathe and detest this product and will have to resort to giving the damned thing away.  Please don't take any notice of the 1 star rating - I had no choice but to fill this in - but from me it's really No Stars!!!


  If I could would give it -1 for integration. This product is a rip off. Won’t recognise any of my past albums purchased on amazon, you have to pay for amazon music per month. Am unable to link with other electrical items as they are a few years old yet in excellent working order. This is going back.


  I was  recentl y registered as visually impaired and was told by a local  visitor from from the NHS how useful she found her echo. I immediately contacted Amazon and bought an echo at the fantastic price of 22 pounds. Echo is wonderful . She plays my favourite songs, plays radio stations, tells the time, gives me weather forecast and there is still more to discover. Thoroughly recommended.


  I cannot sign in to the app most of the time, it’s really glitchy and will not link to my apple unlimited subscription! Do not buy this. I have requested help but have had no response. I would not recommend until they have sorted all of the bugs. I have to sign in fully every time through the app just to view skills and then it just re-loads to the sign in page. Alexa is brilliant, the app is awful!!!


  Having had a previous echo dot that worked well  this new version is really rather pathetic. I have tried connecting to several Bluetooth speakers that I have and I can not connect to any of them.. My older version works just fine with all of my Bluetooth speakers. the only thing that this Echo dot connects to are my Hue lights.If you are looking for something that connects to speakers via Bluetooth DO NOT get this Echo Dot. use your mobile phone


  Complete & utter total crap & also it is very widely reported that Amazon HAVE been known to listen in to people's private conversations in the comfort of their own homes via these spy-devices.If you don't believe, simply GOOGLE-SEARCH


  I was asleep least night and at 3:30am I received an attempted Alexa call from someone not in my contacts. I disabled drop in in the settings some weeks ago as I was informed by a friend that people can just listen in and you don’t know they are there. This has given me serious concerns over the privacy of my details with amazon.


  I returned the item after one day, setting up initially worked ok but it never completed , there was forever a box saying “setup will be complete shortly”Unable to get it to tune BBC radio 2, when I contacted Amazon about this they said they had lost the ability to do that which I found strange because my two daughters who live elsewhere are able to get radio 2 on their Alexa.So I returned the item because it’s use became limited


  My Echo Dot arrived 6 July and stopped working on 5 August.  My wifi is working ok but as from today, the echo dot has stopped working.  Have been trying to contact to make contact but no-one has called me back.  Disgusted!


  Remember you need amazon prime, to listen to music, the Alexa app is near useless unless you have a home full of gadgets geared up for Alexa. Everything is aimed at amazon, and how best they can get you to spend more money out. Want yo know the weather, look out the window.


  It is not possible to play BBC radio stations through this version of Echo Dot. It should be made clear as it is very frustrating. Google Nest Mini still plays BBC and so I do not understand the excuse about not sending back data about listening figures. Very disappointing. Have transferred loyalty to Google.


  I really fail to see the point in these other than a toy you'll grow bored of in a week. I am a tech geek and have to have the latest gadgets but I really fail to see the benefit in either an Amazon or Google speaker. The sound quality is nowhere near good enough for music and I'm not so busy or disorganised that I need an assistant to give me a rundown of my day. As for switch on and off lights? Don't get me started on that... Not much use when my partner or guest switches the wall socket. The displays can almost justify themselves as a fancy alarm clock but these are pointless.


  terrible product that couldn’t even connect to my wifi at home. not for students and after spending 3 days on the phone to customer service for at least an hour each time I got no useful information. I need to return Alexa but still can’t because it ‘wasn’t bought from amazon’ even though I get an email twice a day regarding this item from amazon. So annoyed with the situation and I just want my money back.


  **UPDATED**Customer services agreed product was faulty and have arranged a refund of £49.99.  I rejected a replacement as this week, the price dropped to £34.99 and I wonder if this is due to a dodgy batch?  I have decided to wait a few months before trying again.Have emIled amazon as Alexa 3rd gen stopped responding after 1 week. I tried to reset but to no avail.  Seems to be a common problem  on the forum.  I will update review when Amazon reply in a few daysHowever, when she did work, it was fab.


  No useful instructions come with it you have to do it all through an ipad or similar. If there is a problem then it's a night mare. I had to contact Amazon 5 times and they promised to phone twice but never did. Eventually one chap at Amazon spotted the problem. The solution was very simple and some basic information with the Echo would have prevented the issue.


  Not at all impressed. It is very hit and miss at responding to voice control with more miss than hit. Have re-set several times and still no better. Quite often when I speak to it the blue and turquoise lights go round it but then turn off without dealing with the instruction/question etc.


  Only 10 months of use and it stopped responding.  Called Amazon and was told it was no longer under warranty because it was purchased more than a year ago so they wouldn't replace it.I have a radio cassette player from the 80s that's still working.Very very disappointed.


  Was very disappointed with this product. If this was my first smart speaker I would say it was okay but compared to the Google Home mini there is just absolutely no comparison in terms of voice recognition and capabilities such as the ability to connect to my favourite DAB radio stations. Amazon music is also lacking in its collection of songs. I will not be renewing that subscription.


  Don’t get me wrong this is a good device but I got a second one and it just Didn’t work. Spent ages setting up multiple times trying different things to resolve and couldn’t get it working. An hour wasted!Tried:Restarting echo several timesRestarting the appUninstalling app and reinstallingDeregistering deviceLocating next to the WiFi which i tested was workingVery disappointed and will be sending back


  First time I’ve ever felt the need to post a review about a product- prior to getting the amazon echo, I had a Google mini- that was great, no issues with it until I accidentally dropped it down the stairs.Decided to get the echo, linked it to my Spotify account, worked fine for about a week, then all of a sudden it just kept dropping Spotify for no apparent reason, tried rebooting by disabling Spotify on the echo to no avail; checked out the in app reviews on Alexa and this seems to be widespread problem- what’s going on Amazon?


  Sorry to say the Alexa dot is very limited - it is supposed to easily pair with Bluetooth speakers. I have tried three brands of speaker including Amazon recommended Soundcore but none of them will pair.  Basically the dot is a gimmicky way to play music but with limited functionality.


  This device has serious sound issues, like a static / interference.  However, there are no sources of interference in the same room, reset doesnt help and the echo forums are full of people with the same issue, but no answer from amazon.  Our spot worked fine in the same place, but this sounds terrible with he sound breaking down circa 40% of the time.


  I’m unsure whether this is the norm, however I constantly have to repeat myself when saying stop timer or play this song, also at times the sounds goes crackled and I have to turn it off then back on , cant say I’m impressed at all, maybe I’ve received a faulty one ? Over all experience though not good 


  I need to find time to speak to this American Alexa!She certainly doesn’t understand my Lancashire accent and when I asked her to play something and she goes off at her own tangent, I’m not a particular fan of rapping!I have some free time over the weekend so I’ll see if she bucks up, if not she’ll be on her way back to you to exchange for an English speaking Alexa!


  Alexa sounds great, except when you find out a whole host of features aren't actually available in the UK. Just two:- UK Alexa can't read or interrogate your email in the UK (even though it can do this for your calendar entries!)- Whisper response doesn't work in the UKThere's no doubt loads of other things that are denied to UK consumers. As there's no reason for these features NOT to be included, it seems a simple case of discrimination.


  I bought this as a Christmas present and haven't even unpacked it yet only to see it advertised at 'Half price' todaySo so upset I could have bought another one for my son for Christmas.


  I bought it to play spotify and bbc radio, but due to Amazon wanting you use Amazon music, spotify works poorly e.g. not recognising my playlists unless I reconnect the app every day and continuing the previous song after asking it to play a new song from another playlist. It does not recognise anything from the BBC and refuses to play it due to the BBC withdrawing it's agreement from tunein, the platform the echo dot uses. If you wish to use Spotify or listen to BBC do not buy this product. Will be returning.


  Alexa is very good at hearing what music you are asking her to play, repeating it back to you, then playing something completely different. Don’t believe the blurb that says you can control Spotify from Alexa, you can’t - she will only play what you want if you are controlling it from Spotify itself, so she’s just a speaker. She has also not been programmed for a UK market, so you spend the early days getting her to give temperatures in Celsius and advising Fox News is of no real use to you. She will also offer you functions, advise you how to ask for them, then say she can’t do them. Really disappointing, don’t waste your money


  Usually play radio thru it and if the “Alexa” advert comes on on itself! it turns itself off... so it plays its own advert then cuts off.. not that clever while wanting radio on.Also randomly shuts off . I find myself asking it to turn back on..Not impressed


  My item arrived and even after speaking with amazon technical department I still wasn't able to make the item work as my other devices are. Especially the fact that it did not even play BBC Radio 1. Instead I was forced to listen to BBC World or some Swiss station that I couldn't understand unless they were playing UK music. She speaks in a different accent to my other Alexa devices too.I think I was sent a foreign version that had been rebranded to a UK version. 3 days now and still no fix from amazon.And to add to dispair, I have reach my purchasing limit with only an echo show and one echo dot. So I can't even buy more.


  Can't set it up, even my son who is great with computers etc has three in his home and has had no bother setting them up has had a go. Given to me as a Christmas present and has joined the rest of useless Christmas gifts to the bottom draw never to be seen again.


  I bought this, as a user of Spotify premium I was expecting to use it more on the echo dot. However, it does not work. This is really frustrating as the other song apps need to be paid for to choose the songs you want to listen to.


  Bulkier than Google home mini. Difficult to turn off the push notifications making it annoying and less intuitive. LED can't be disabled. Why do voice assistants have different accents by "skill"? Ring integration is a bit pants given amazon own ring.


  At the moment I can only give one stars because I have a Samsung Galaxy and for some reason you can't set up the Echo Dot with ANY Samsung phone. Amazon have not made this clear in the description. As I haven't got a home computer or laptop I can't do anything.


  I dislike this product. It costs extra money (another membership for music)  and to make matters worse my daughters name is similar to alexa so the alexa constantly buts in to conversations about her. Basically used it for a week and gave up. Waste of money for me i thought my prime membership was enough but to have to take prime music also i find a bit of a rip off especially after buying the device. Good thing about it though is the sound is decent. Better than the kitchen tv but my kitchen tv has youtube so beats the alexa everytime.


  The product is lovely and quality and look is spot on however what you failed to mention is that I need to have full £9.99 Amazon Music unlimited to use this. So I am really disappointed. I currently pay £3.99 which is perfect for the little amount we actually use the Main Alexa for so I wish I knew this before I purchased this as additional echo dot for upstairs. I am currently using it as Bluetooth speaker so I don’t feel like I wasted money and going to keep just main Alexa for the music on smaller subscription. :(


  After 3 days from new,  was not able to respond to requests to play radio channels.


  Delivery took a while but that was understable and I was kept completely informed about this throughout. I purchased this on the back of a family member having an echo plus for Xmas. I couldn’t afford to purchase the echo plus and went for the cheaper option. I was so excited to receive this however when I received it the sound quality is so so poor, it almost sounds as if the speaker is broken! Is this normal on the dot for the sound quality to be really poor? I’m really not happy with it but I’m so gutted as I love the features and the device itself.


  I have paired 2 Echo Dot speakers.  They occasionally worked as a stereo pair, but most of the time only one speaker played the music I asked Alexa to play.  At the time I'm writing this review, the 2 speakers are playing 2 different music (Jazz FM and Classic FM) despite they are in Stereo Pair mode.  The sound quality is fine considering the price.


  well got a second one thinking it would not take the 40 mins it took to set up. I have now been trying to set it up for 3 bloody hours and it will not connect to a fire 7 tablet. Im going to give it one last try and then return it along with the first one I brought. 3 bloody hours of stress.


  Well it might have been associated aith a different purchase that made it free, but that's not good enough IMHO.Continually drops out music when playing, and ultimately has become un-responsive.If this is what modern technology is supposed to be about then I'm glad I didn't have to pay for it.No way it seems through the Amazon order site to arrange a replacement .... :-(


  Received product. Set up at home, took it to a new location refused to connect to the internet despite seeing the network and being given the password unlike the echo show I bought at the same time which connected without difficulty. Tried all of the suggestions and simply ended up in a loop without a connection. Good thing it wasn’t too expensive, can’t say I would recommend it unless you enjoy wasting time and energy


  I opened the box to reveal the thing I had been waiting for for 1 month. Having gotten this item for free through Hive, I had high expectations for this. Only to be sat having an half hour argument with it. My broad Yorkshire accent doesn’t quite compute to an American product. I asked Alexa to play AC/DC 29 times but she kept playing Alesha Dixon. Fair to day I’ve had less arguments with our lass, she understands me more than this. Although I do like the game playing feature. Our lass had beat me 16 times so far and recons she’s smarter than me, yeh alright. Stupid computer.....


  I have a second generation android phone that has better connectivity than this.I bought this to replace a google home mini. The dot loses connection every other day and I have to go through alexa and reconnect to wifi. The google device sat in the same place for four years and never once lost connection.Suffice to say if this is the best Amazon can do I wil stick with Google.


  Have great difficulty setting it up...bought in August of last year and still cannot get Alexa to talk to me (or anything else). Viewed numerous videos and help lines etc etc and problem not resolved. Are you able to assist? Am an 84 year old pensioner and good savvy!


  I have to say I am very disappointed in this product. Since having it I have had constant issues with voice recognition and the unit actually just staying on! I have asked for support through the help email with nothing of any use coming back. Shame really as my daughters works well. Even got her to take a look and she says it is all set up as it should be.


  A nice looking device would have been very pleased to have got it to setup.Unfortunately the download is not compatible with my Samsung Galaxy J3 5.1. I wish I had know this before purchasing but this information was not online as far as i can see.


  This product simply does not work. I bought it at Christmas as a gift, and it has literally never worked since day 1. It sits on a solid blue light constantly. I have tried every available online resource to enter set-up mode, perform factory reset, everything. It is completely unresponsive.I’m writing this review in the hope that Amazon will respond to me, as I would like a replacement or a refund. Every other method of contact I have attempted on this app has failed.


  Bought them for the kids bedrooms. Thought they could access amazon music. They will only do that if there are 3 separate accounts. One echo has turned american and won’t play BBC radio 1,2 etc. Disappointed


  It would not pair with any of my devices. Apart from a few samples, it would only play classical music if I took out a subscription. It did not have a battery. It's voice recognition was poor, principally we seemed to have a different vocabulary.


  So far I an extremely disappointed. I have so far been unable to connect Amazon Prime Music to the Echo Dot - even though it plays on my iPad. I am also disappointed at the paucity of radio stations the Echo Dot can connect to - I might as well just play my own radio. The entire set up process is astonishingly complicated, and I am currently on my third attempt to re-set the device and re-load Amazon Music and other Apps. Given that this is the third generation of Echo Dot I'd have thought that all these problems would have been ironed out - and simplified. So very, very disappointed!  JohnMette


  I found this frustrating to try and set up and didn't like the fact it's app is on phone and all the stuff. U can't just listen to music unless u pay 3.99 a mth for Amazon music .  Shame u can't change alexa voice as it's annoying.  Have requested I send this back


  Alexia a great idea, but after a few weeks DOES NOT LISTEN TO ME, LITERALLY!!!!I FEEL LIKE IM HAVING TO ARGUE WITH HER.... As she literally continues with alarns/radio despite assertions to STOP and is also IGNORING ME when im  giving new prompts.... Ita triggering PSTD of reliving a BAD RELATIONSHIP !!!!ON A SERIOUS NOTE.... PLEASE RECTIFY 


  What a hassle setting this up! Couldn't get the app to work on my phone or iPad so husband had to do it on his.  Far too much faffing about for such a useless device. Was bought as a gift for us to play lullaby's to the baby , which we have always been able to do from our phone on Spotify. It's been plugged in for roughly 2 weeks now and we still haven't used it. Waste of money and space


  Unfortunately they both kept flashing green continuously as if on a call or drop in and no matter how many times I followed the instruction to end call and tried unplugging them then restarting them again they continued flashing green so I've returned them.


  Oh dear, very disappointing sound, such a shame not a patch on the normal echo! No bass, I was clearly expecting Bose quality from a little Dot! I love Amazon Alexa, just not the Dot!


  THe sound quality is rubbish.  Mine seems to have a ‘lisp’ and it is rubbish at holding a connection than the two larger generation-2 echo that I have.  The regular sized echo are excellent and I’ve had no trouble with these but my 3rd-gen dot is crap. I’ve googled the ‘lisp’ problem and reset the equaliser and that didn’t help.


  Stops working intermittently so have to power cycle. Connections to Bluetooth devices are often lost and have to be re-paired. Voice recognition is poor. The unit also randomly wakes up and plays music or searches for requests that didn't happen. Unplugged, waiting for Amazon to authorise a refund...


  Wouldn’t attach to WiFi something wrong with it.  A little annoying because amazon take forever to reply.Contacted the customer services about 50 times like dealing with care in the community as they don’t read anything.  I’m off work because it’s Christmas and I’m signed off sick so using my personal email provided them with all the information they need they keep telling me they can’t find anything under my personal email EVEN WHEN IVE PROVIDED THEM WITH MY WORK. Sadly they are thick


  Was bought this for xmas, it was registered etc, but continuely says "sorry cant understand what you are saying at the moment, try again later". Have now had to unplug as when we ask Alexa something the echo repeats in other room.


  Bass distortion even on voiceUpdate.This is the 2nd one I’ve reviewed - neither can handle a decent bass without distortion.Apparently looking at the other reviews it is an inherent faultI would suggest not purchasing one until 4th gen when they hopefully have sorted the speaker issue outChanged from 2 starts to 1 - cannot give a zero


  they don't work,customer services don't make me laugh.


  Nothing worked. 2nd one. 3rd one worked. Now I have one here which I am waiting to be picked up???? However the label is to post. So I bought a printer. Can you now send me a pick up label for me to return the broken echo.


  I am very disappointed with this product I have to shout at this to pick me up andWith suffering badly with migrans it doesn't work wellIt don't turn up and down volumeAll the time when I ask it says sorry dont know that oneI would like my money back for this awful productI get from Amazon alot and I feel this was miss sold badlyangelinahest@gmail.com


  Did not work would not connect to the internet even after being reset over and over again app said set up complete and connected to the internet but it was off line and stayed that way in a word rubbish tried to get a replacement but after ticking that I wanted the item replaced was just sent out into shopping again so in the end I just went for a refund and at my own expense had to drive to return this waste of time item here ends my brief time with this echo dot rubbish


  Will not pair with my Amazon Fire Stick nor my Alexa Echo or echo Dot. Don't buy it - not worth the money and Customer Service assistance extremely poor. Unfortunately, I cannot understand the staff because of their heavy accent and I don't think they understand my accent. So difficult for both of us. Should have a UK customer service number.


  So this was purchased as the photos showed there is a clock.  BUT THAT IS NOT THIS VERSION WHICH IS NOT CLEAR>  ITs an additional £10 and only in white.  SO DO NTO THINK AMAZON ARE GIVING YOU WHAT IS PHOTO SHOWN.Ripp off!


  In this day and age, you would think something like this would just require plugging in, attaching to Iphone, applying a few instructions and it would respond to your voice.  No.  It appears to not be working.  I'm thinking is it they was I have put it together, however my step daughter has tried, still not responding.......


  Second one I’ve bought. The first was great, this one has poor quality sound with intermittent scratchy noises. An hour on the phone with customer services and they agree there’s a problem with software and get a replacement sent out. The replacement turns out to be a refurbished unit in a plain box. Yet another phone call, by the time I get a new replacement it will be two months from my order date. I paid for a new one, I expected a new one. It seems that Amazons claim to be “Earths most customer-centric Company “ needs a little more work.


  Loved this when I first got it but after a few months it no longer works. Drops connection, can’t find internet and after resetting it several times, now doesn’t pick up anything. Expensive paperweight. Foolish to even subscribe the the Alexa platform. Utter rubbish.


  We have had an Echo for a while now, and a couple of months ago got an Echo Dot (3rd gen).Both connected to our wifi effortlessly.So we bought 2 additional 3rd gen Echo Dots for the kids bedrooms for Christmas.Neither would connect to our BT Wi-Fi. Message said it was a public Wi-Fi (it isn’t) and Alexa app looked like it was trying to pop up an application but nothing happened.We had issues connecting on Boxing Day and on the 29th Dec.Customer support unable to help, so goods returned for refund. Very unhappy with the whole experience.


  I have a personal collection of over 500,000 songs yet I still have to pay £3.99 per month to Amazon so I can play the songs I already own on this device ? It's not the amount, but the principle that bothers me. Why can't I stream from my iTunes library ? Poor show .....


  Not taken it out of the box yet . Don’t know how to set it up as I can’t play a disc on anything . Much later , I got my nephew to set it up . Great music I can listen to . BUT . Alexa voice is so deep I can’t hear what she answers me . No way of ‘lifting the depth of voice ‘Is it just me ?? It sounds normal when I ask it anything from outside when on my iPad .


  I cannot find a use for this gadget. All I do is say Alexa good morning and she replies Hi and sometimes launches into a spiel about what happened this day one hundred years ago. But I do not want to know that. My lights do not dim, my curtains do not close and my thermostat does not change when I ask her. She does not know the answers to the questions I have tried on her.


  Stop the Ads, stop the Ads, I don't won't to hear adverts you are ruining a great device, I will bin it and tell everyone not to buy one.


  I brought this just over a year ago. And now the speaker on it is crackly. Just outside of its warranty, very annoying - are these things only supposed to last for a year then?


  You would not expect the quality for 50 bucks. However this is worth than quality on my cell phone.Also alexa unlimited sucks. For last month I have never found a single basic song. The fee for this service is waste of money


  I’m sure this is a great piece of kit, however it won’t connect to any of my devices via Bluetooth apart from my hive hub. Apparently one has to have Alexa enabled Bluetooth devices for it to work with them. Sadly all my speakers, headphones, gaming machines etc are not Alexa enabled, so this was pretty much a waste of money for me.


  Stopped working after a week - my son bought it because I can’t get a round as much so I could call him or the amber lance in case of an emergency - huge waste if money


  When having down loaded the app it would not connect to the dotSo cannot use it don't know how to tell my daughter that her Xmas gift she sent me will not work.Am very sad as was looking forward to using the ecco dot


  Not a good product at all. It doesn’t recognise my voice or my request. Cheaply made product with no quality use to it. I am very disappointed. And I don’t know if there are hidden extra costs involved in keeping this product. All in all I should not have bought this product in the first place. I hope this product don’t have any hidden direct debits attached to it as it’s very unclear and very shady when it comes to finding any information. Very bad. Very disappointed.


  I am very disappointed with how trivial the tasks that Alexa can carry out are.I recognise that it is possible to setup integrations with third party systems, but frankly, I have better things to do with my time than  fiddle about trying to get several flaky pieces of software / hardware to talk to each other to turn my TV on and off as a case in point.I would point out that I am a software / systems developer with many years of experience.


  I have come to hate this device. It works well as a speaker, but why should my music be interrupted by Amazon adverts??? I have taken to stopping it every time an advert starts. Not good.


  I have NOT purchased this product, but Amazon continually nags me to "review my purchase".


  This felt like an excellent purchase for 25/12- alas it was for 36 hours only. Then it went downhill & didn’t work, when we purchase things, we expect them to work. It’s functional at present but I have little faith. It’s uses are limited & now the privacy concerns me also. If it can’t operagoer 24 hrs use, how effective can it be at guarding my privacy?


  As with most/all Alexa/Echo devices, the hardware is most decent. However, the whole technology, especially the software side, is still a very very long way away from being adequate.


  The sound quality on the all-new Echo Dot (3rd Gen) is terrible. We have a google home and Google mini and they sound quality of the google mini beats this hands down. The AI of Alexa again is not a patch on the Google AI. Luckily we got this Echo Dot free as part of our Hive heating package. I would personally go for the Google home mini. Half the time when giving Alexa a voice command to change the heating or hot water it fails miserably to do either!We were not expecting mind blowing sound but compared to the Google mini The Echo Dot is very poor sound quality.


  BBC Skill doesn't work. On mine the only command that works is ask radio player to play BBC radio 2. On my echo I can just say play radio 2. Why is a gen 3 less capable than an echo


  Very limited tech...needs more improvement especially if you ask for data with a foreign name of a city ,musicians,important people in world's history and so on.....! Skills are limited to certains apps  .....!


  No wonder the prices have been dropping on this Dot - (I got mine free with a British Gas Boiler) - it has plenty of volume, but speech is very muffled, making some commentators almost unintelligible, particularly on Classic FM (who rabbit on too much in any case).


  I purchased this as my Toshiba TV says itv is compliant with this, but it is too confusing to know what app to connect with, I found one which Alexa says connected to my TV, but does not turn it on, making it a waste of money


  This was an xmas present.. Took ages to try and connect and wouldn't.Called customer services. There is a known fault with them and they are awaiting a software update... still an usable xmas present as of 2nd Jan.


  I bought this. Can't find a single use for it. Google Home is so much better.The Alexa app is by far the worst app I have ever encountered, full of bloat, slow, unresponsive, and badly designed.By default, the app saves your Wifi password on Amazon's servers, with no way to remove them - This is absolutely unacceptable.


  After 18 months the speaker sounds muffled/blown.Before this the sound quality was good.I've tried updating it, adjusting the equaliser etc but suddenly it's proved to become another landfill product. No way of returning it. Wouldn't recommend buying this for the long term.


  I received my echo dot, after about 20mins of playing it started to distort. The voices were hissy and the music distorted. I went through the app to see if I could fix it using the equaliser and sound settings but this did not work.I switched the echo off and switched it back on again, and it seemed to fix it, then after 20 mins of playing it started to distort again. I have tried to contact customer service but have no response!!!! Not a happy bunny :(


  I can't get it to connect and despite loads of calls and promises to ring me Im np further forward! Awful service would be a polite way of saying it. I've had no support from your team, and my Christmas has been ruined. I hate Amazon for what they are putting me through.. You just don't care. I feel when people arrange to call me back.. They should. Simply awful and I'll be telling every one i know...  Awful. No stars


  Bought this Echo Dot for my 88 year old mother to sync it with her Portal. Having set everything up correctly asked Alexa to call someone and she said ‘Sorry, this function is not supported’. I specifically bought this so that my mother would not have to get up to answer her Portal calls as she is disabled. When setting up the Portal it asked if I wanted to sync with Alexa so assumed, obviously incorrectly, that any of the Amazon Alexa would work! Really disappointed


  Spent most of Boxing Day to get this to connect to our Wifi for my daughter. Would not connect. Other friends and family members have the same problem which equates to about 30 people. What is going on Amazon?


  Clunky wordy instructions to set up on desktop pc with windows 7. All the help on Amazon pushes you towards Android/IOS installation to mobile devices. Claims to be plug & Go device but it isnt. Gave up reading Amazons convoluted "techy"  help and went youtube. My pc is hard wired to the net without wifi capability so useless to me. Yes I could set it up on my mobile phone but thats another app chewing up my phone memory and eating through my data and battery life. So sending back 1 hour after opening the box.


  could not get it connected to WiFi, same problems as before it took days to get the last one working, the Alexa app always hangs at the same point. I have tried through the APP and the Alexa web site still not joy.If this was an apple product it would have just worked, sure it would have cost more but what is the point of a cheaper device if it does not work.Shame, because once they work they are really good just a pitty it take so much effort to get them working.


  Had to return after less than 6 months after it stopped working - used as directed and frustrating time with customer services who couldn't resolve the issue - couldn't accept my address even though it was on my linked amazon account and I had used it less than a week prior with amazon! Wouldn't recommend - would be simple to replace were the customer services team able to do a simple task!


   I have 3 of these.  The advertising goes on about how you can speak to the other in other rooms etc, but doesn't say that you can't steam on multiple devices.  So I have one streaming device and two very expensive intercoms.  I bought these for my kids, but they are pointless and just causes them to fall out.  Come on Amazon and sort this issue out, I'm not paying you any more money, and I think you have mis-sold these by not being clear about their ability.


  Item arrived with a fault - 2nd port 'pin' isn't central, so can't be used.  Have sent several emails to Amazon, who tell me that I need to phone and provide my credit card details (even though the item was 'complimentary')….. was supposed to use this with 'Hive' for my new boiler.


  Bought this for my daughter to use for music, after seeing the 90 day free amazon music I chose this product over different versions such as Apple and google devices, after activating the amazon music last month, I had my subscription cancelled after only 30 days, when emailing amazon about this issue they replied that they were unable to get money out of my bank to continue the subscription due to an issue, I never consented to this, it is advised as a 90 day free subscription and yet I have now found out that only 30 days are given. If this is the reason you are buying I would strongly recommend you stay away, it is false advertising


  Only 1* has that is mandatory! I received this last year and have been totally unimpressed by its performance. I also have a Sonos One that has both Alexa and Google voice that works impeccably. This Echo Dot will give me various radio Stations but not the ones I want to listen to. When asked to play BBC Radio 2 it will play BBC Radio Cymru 2. When asked to play BBC Radio 1 it plays New Vision Radio! Tried to return it but no such option on my Amazon account


  Could not get the Echo to recognised my voice. Phoned Amazon for assistance. The guy I got did not know what he was doing. I have an echo that I cannot use.


  Very unhappy with this, had very high expectations due to the raving reviews. The main thing i wanted to use this echo was to play music from my spotify. I tried everything and it just. doesn't. work.Amazon sent me a replacement and it still didn't work, so I returned it.


  Hello I have three Alexa third generation Delighted with two o them !!  However the third will not play the radio stations I request it playssome religious program most frustrating I don’t know what to do about it I have tried unplugging it and starting again but that doesn’t seem to work can you help me ???Best wishes Isabel SmartI have just bought two more one for my granddaughter and one for my grandson so fingers crossed that they work alright !!!


  Not happy, no clock on it, barely recognises voices, needs an additional subscription to fully function, and I've been tortured with advert emails to rate the damn thing! I didn't want it, my stepdad got it for Christmas because he always falls for this kind of junk. Are you happy now Amazon? Is this what you wanted? Do let me know if I can give a VERY honest opinion of any of your other products.


  Alexa will subscribe you to things without your consent, it won't even ask you. I found out by chance when I went to check my orders that I had been subscribed to their unlimited music service. Today it's that, tomorrow it'll order other things and empty your bank account. Be very careful.


  The dot connects ok. When I say 'Alexa' I get the response "Sorry I am having trouble understanding right now. Please try a little later"I have spoken to the support team and have a case number. The case was opened on the 16th December and I have chased it via email a couple of times but still awaiting a fix.


  When will Amazon provide an update so that these devices work with WPA and WPA2 security protocols. They admit they don't but the descriptions on echo products don't mention this. I'm waiting........


  I have been very disappointed with this product, originally it worked well but in the last month the sound has become very muffled. I have tried wiggling the power cable but this does not seem to have any effect. This speaker has had no contact with water or any other liquid.


  Gave as Xmas pressie it won't connect he rang Amazon to help an no they didn't all he kept saying was turn off reboot is it connected now nope so after half HR he put phone down don't know if cause reg to me or wot


  item returned as not able to download app on to my Kindle Fire and in any case was superfluous as I have Kindle Firestick with Alexa which does all that Echo Dot does and sound is much better through tv. Echo Dot sound very muffled


  Simple enough to set up once you've downloaded the app but wouldn't configure with the TV despite multiple attempts and after seeking advice from the forums still none the wiser. Voice recognition was hit and miss. When it did finally understand me and my request I was told I needed to pay for additional services......It was at this point it went back in the box. IF YOU'RE READING THIS SAVE YOUR MONEY......


  Alexa is very handy,you just have to ask for radio station and it comes up immediately.i haven't been able to get all the songs i have requested though. It plays some lovely country songs though.apparently there are loads of stuff on the app,which I haven't looked at yet.but I'm satisfied with my product .


  Works brilliantly for about a year then the speaker starts cutting out.Should really last longer than that.  We are now in July, 18 months after purchase and the speaker part is dead.


  I am giving this a low review because.I have an echo full size which I was paying £3.99 a month for the music. I was then given a echo dot, and if I wanted too hear music on it my subscription went up to £9.99.You cannot play the two together unless you pay the exorbitant amount of £14.99 and the you can play 6 devices.To me this is extortionate.


  The Alexa Dot worked for one day and then stopped working. Worked really well, then there is an issue here with the internet and for some reason the connections are not working and are being interfered with repeatedly. It’s really frustrating my end to have things work in such an inefficient manner.


  Despite every other wifi necessary piece equipment working fine the echo dot seems to have trouble finding the signal on regular occasions. The number of times I have reset her is rediculous. Our echo works fine but the dot just sends so lazy.


  It’s a largely pointless piece of equipment. Other than occasionally asking it the time or to set a countdown timer, I have virtually no use for it. I don’t need something to turn on my lights - I can manage a light switch. I’m capable of making a shopping list on a bit of paper and Spotify sounds better with headphones. I’m glad I only spent 99p on it during the offer.


  Try as I might and with all the great help Amazon gave me, it just would not connect with my internet. however I have used a friend and it is a fantastic product well worth getting... but for me... not so good.


  Avoid : will play BBC radio 'live', and Plex music BUT as soon as you ask it to play a 'catch-up' radio show it loses the ability to play anything : it announces the station / show / track and sometimes says 'BBC sounds' with the accompanying motif, but then silence. Switching it off and on doesn't fix. Useless.


  Really disappointed in this product. I just hear “I don’t know that one” it can’t find out information so is unable to answer anything we don’t already now the answer to. It doesn’t recognise names of playlists so I’ve had to rename them. The sound is muffled - I’ve tried adjusting bass and treble but it’s just muffled.


  A loud Bluetooth connection announcement every time a connection is made (think nighttime) is enough to give this a zero if possible. Shame as handy kit otherwise.


  After a few days Alexa decided not to shuffle anymore music tracks, as this was a main reason for buying, it was unsatisfactory, very disappointed, try internet radio excellent music choice.


  Returned  the item as mobile  wouldn't connect  up.


  I was told this would work with firestick it didnt so i sent it back inreturn for echo 3rd gen speakers,they also never worked together-so i sent all the lot back as you cant trust anyone from Amazon


  This was a second dot bought for my son as a surprise (alongside my dot clock, which works perfectly well) .. unfortunately this one would not even connect to the internet (trying numerous times in numerous locations).  Eventually had enough and returned the item as my son was fed up of trying to get it to connect - such a shame as my original one is used all the time and I love it!


  Brought this purposely to help me get to sleep so to play Spotify. It says “here’s Spotify” or tells me how to connect it but does nothing! Uninstalled, deleted cache. So infuriating that the one thing I brought it for it doesn’t work!


  I did not realise when I purchased this that Amazon no longer allows MP3 uploads to its service. I found I could upload with Deezer unfortunately the Deezer Skill plays random tracks and play My Playlist 1 gives me the sound of a flushing toilet. Not good.


  My mistake it's not portable - needs to be plugged into a power source, and not usb friendly. When I give voice commands to Alexa - sometimes she chooses to ignore me or simply doesnt understand.


  When you ask Alexa to play greatest hits radio she comes back with Heres a station you may like then plays a radio station with Christmas songs. I asked her to play Jane's play list she plays James blunt.


  Do not buy this if you want to listen to classical music. For example, according to Alexa there are no symphonies by Mahler, Beethoven or Mozart on Spotify, and Beethoven wrote no piano sonatas. When pressed she was willing to play an album of classical music for babies, but that was not really what I wanted.


  I didn't buy this it was given to me by some one who had been given it for Christmas.I don't see the point of this thing. after setting it up it, I used it twice to tell me the time and set an alarm. two things my phone can do.The sound from the speaker is poor, wouldn't want to listen to my music with it.The voice recognition is good, it mostly recognized what I said.


  Sadly we have been unable to connect our Amazon Echo Dot to the wifi.  I have made several calls to the help desk, and in fairness the staff there have tried very hard to help.  Unfortunately all trying different things and not all aware that there appears to be a generic problem which will need several days to fix at Amazon!Disappointing when this has been a Christmas gift and still no sign of a resolve for another few days when I have been promised a call back.Lets see what happens next.


  Doesn’t work with Apple Music no matter how many times I tried.  Kept saying it needed an update and ask for one. When asked Alexa said it was up to date. Drive me mad and lucky Alexa was not asked to sled destruct!


  Frustrating as she cannot understand simple tasks like asking to turn on specific local radio station endless attempts later we get there


  Worked first time would not respond again returning product. Followed all info for trouble shooting all alexia was repeating I do not understand, if I said are you there yes I'm here but unable to follow any instructions after first set up. When first set up great once asleep and awake would not respond except to say did not understand awake command or any other command for that matter.


  Amazon is usually my fav thing or place or anything for that matter but Alexa is the most useless, stupid and most complicated device I have ever used in my entire life.PLEASE PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!!!1My brother bought a Google Mini and its so so much better!! AND CHEAPER!!!!


  Searched for Alexa app on Google. Started download from a site that looked official. At 99% download 'Error message 7.3.0.0.1 appeared and chat box. A nice lady called and explained reason - virus and compromised network -  which all seemed legit. Offered service to remove and add network firewall. Bottom line - I'm £500 out of pocket !!


  I just wasted one hour trying to connect to the Internet to get this device to connect! I initially carried out an Amazon search for a Google speaker and Alexa dot came up in searches. After waiting for one week for the first device to arrive I then asked my money back and ordered a second device. I'm sending this device back as it is not fit for purpose.


  Waste of money, doesn’t know the answer to anything.... Alexa what’s the temperature to cook beef too for medium rare? Sorry I don’t know that one.... Alexa recipe for mince pies? Sorry I don’t know that one.... only good for asking what the weather is!!! Half the time it doesn’t even listen to what your asking it! Just ignores you!


  This is now the second echo dot that has never worked. To be fair, I do have two more that work faultlessly; but a 50% failure rate is not a good advertisement for Amazon branded products.


  While the sound quality was never expected to be as good as the full size echo, the quality is actually very good.The problem we have is that after 2 or 3 month (after return policy has ended) this Dot is far from intelligent. It will speak to us but when it thinks it is playing music there is no sound, and it struggles to understand us while it’s larger older counterparts are working fine.


  Absolutely rubbish. Would not pair with my device, or pick up any voices. Sent it back immediately and got a refund. I will not be buying anymore gimmicks like this again. If you really want to know about something specific, get on your smartphone/tablet and search it on there.


  So disappointed........ I ordered this in the Black Friday deals and was soon told that it had been lost !!!!!!!tryed calling-many times but could not get tho to Amazon.........Was offed my money back but thought I should have been offered a new dot at the same price .....


  What a load of rubbish. No help to get it to WiFi. Just going round and round in circles.After 3 hours finally it’s on line. Location set but telling me I’m in USA..... not the easiest piece of kit to set up


  Purchased this for my parents as a Christmas present but a waste of time as will not play anything without coninuually asking you to sign up for Amazon unlimited which they understandably don't want to do and find very annoying. Pointless buying as a present then expecting the receiver to sign up for a service costing them money monthly.


  I am having a daily battle with this thing because Amazon have tied it so tightly to its own music. IEven though I have made Spotify my default she chooses only the the radio stations and not artists own albums etc I am so fed up zi would like to return the thing . You are as bad as Apple.  This is a matter of principle I do use Prime music but Iwant it to be by CHOICE


  This product doesn't learn, doesn't adapt and is useless for people who speak English with an accent different than american one or want to listen to a music which was produced in another language. I wasted countless hours trying it to play songs which have titles other than English. This useless system just twists it into something else entirely and you waste your breathe on making it understand that you want to listen to SKALD band and not Sky Something Something. For a self-learning assistant, this is the most stupid piece of software I encountered in a very long time


  Had to give 1 star as unable to give zero. The Echo is set up but have been unable to use it. Wasted a lot of time trying to get BBC radio stations which should be free and easy to set up. This was a present and very disappointed that it cannot be used.


  Voice recognition is abysmal, the sentence alexa says the most is 'I'm sorry I don't know that'. My parents got a google mini and it literally answers any question, plus the usb charger on the google mini means you can plug it in anywhere. I thought I'd keep it as an alarm, but even that function has been malfunctioning. Gonna get rid of it ASAP


  I was very disappointed and frustrated to learn that my new Echo Dot (3rd generation) cannot play BBC Radio 4.  My 3+year old Echo understands the command and plays it fine.  I had to call Amazon and get connected to Digital Support to be told that there is a problem with the BBC skills for the 3rd generation.  Now, Instead of saying " Alexa, Play BBC Radio 4), I have to say "Alexa, ask my tuner radio to get me BBC Radio 4".  I think this works only after searching in Skills for My tuner Radio Player App.


  I have a firestick but no mobile phone/smartphone  and I could not get this to work.  The staff in the chat line were very helpful though. I ended up mucking up my laptop and gave up. Returned it.Amazon were great on return.


  I have not had this.  I should have had this through the British  gas offer with Hive heating controls but no one will give me the code to claim one !! Do not take up the offer


  Firstly it drops off Wi-Fi all the time. Secondly, you have to pay monthly fee to get rid of adverts! Esp annoying when you have lullabies for your baby!


  I cannot listen to any UK radio stations (BBC) on this device. Had one delivered for xmas present and that is perfect, all stations available, what is wrong with later purchase, why no BBC stations? If these are not available on this device then I shall have to return it, for requires it to listen to BCC Radio 4.Suggestions please. This product will not do as I require, can you please send return label for this productKeith Pollett


  If your buying for it’s interactive quality then I can’t help you as I never bought it for that purpose are tried it. Frankly I found the sound quality unacceptable and will be returning the product


  I am really disappointed with it..I set it up quite easily but everytime I ask Alexa something she says she cant connect, or, she starts playing music but comes to an abrupt halt less than half way through the song. Will go back to using my phone for music from now on.


  Absolute waste of money. I bought it to use in my room to quickly play music and set alarms n reminders. But it is soo much more hassle to use then its worth. Wont connect to my spotify premium. Says its connected but just says I have no playlists n when I request a random song doesnt play it after saying its about to play. 9 times out of 10 the response is saying she cant do that or to go onto the app and do it yourself.


  I was given this as a present - I would NEVER buy this myself. It was straightforward enough to set up. Recognised my voice very well. I asked for music and discovered I need to pay extra each month for that. Hmm.  So asked when Gardeners World would next be on and got an accurate answer.  That was several weeks ago and I have not used it since, so put it back in the box and to the back of a cupboard.  Might put it on Gumtree...


  This product does not work in my home. I have followed the instructions, I have googled what to do the set up. It just will not connect.


  I’m dissatisfied with this. It’s a great scam and Miss leading advertising. You need to pay a monthly app subscription so unless you pay the it’s just a one up from a radio alarm clock!


  I am realy disappointed that to get the box working properly that I have to pay a subscription fee to get music I ask Alexa to pay .. I would not have bought one if I knew this ! There is always a catch ! Very disappointed .. 


  A glorified radio unless you have 6 devices. We have the echo as well but can only have unlimited music on that at the price of £3.99 ,so unless you have up to six devices its not worth  the-next step to £9.99


  Had 1St generation  loved it no issues  get  this one  it constantly loses WiFi connection and it can never find radio stations  saying unable to find I put 1st gen  it finda.it straight away  absolutely  gutted it is so poor


  After messing about for 4 hours we have given up.......instructions are crap, App is not clear which one to use, when you do find it........simply does not work..........life is too short to mess around with crap like this


  I am very disappointed  with echo dot. I have two echo towers. Work excrllently. Dot started eventually then just stopped yet stands beside BT wifi disperser. Now it speaks but plays no music. A waste of cash.


  Atrocious. It was going so well for a few months and she’s packed up. Won’t play anything and doesn’t answer back. No idea what the problem is. She was working perfectly over the past few months and all of a sudden won’t do anything I ask her. I should be able to return and get another as the one year warranty isn’t up yet. Honestly never thought I’d get so frustrated over something like this


  Didn't realise this only works when plugged into the mains. Disappointing for £49.99! Defaults to Amazon music, Alexa has an American voice. Should have used money towards a better speaker with batteries.


  I found it impossible to set up and use.  The app to download worked, but couldn't link it to find the speaker, and the speaker tried and tried and couldn't get into set-up mode.  I've given up and put it back in the box.  If you know someone who knows how to set it up it might be worth it, but otherwise, don't bother.


  I have two amazon dots . The older 2nd generation and this one. The second generation is great but every time you ask this one ANYTHING it replies "  sorry i'm afraid I don't know that"  .  Well sorry I'm afraid your CRAP.  My daughter purchased the  Echo dot 2nd generation for me and I was so impressed .  I would not hesitate to purchase another one.  Instead I purchased this one thinking that it would be better than the older version.... how wrong I was.


  dosen't last long had less than six months and for some reason not turning on now already( it's on a shelf above,  couple of friends have had other issues but not as bad , hopefully warranty covers it so can get it fixed but product seems to cause alot more stress with not working issues with sound and other things made it feel like too much hard work and even if when I get it back just gonna give away as a gift


  Impossible to change wifi on! Doesn't understand half the time, can't work with Google music and cant answer questions like Google either. Updates on it are useless things it doesn't need.


  I bought the Alexa Echo dot (3rd generation) device last week and each time I try to down load the appfollowed the instructions step by step still not successful and I am very disappointed.  I might have toreturn the product because I can't get it to work unless some one can advise/help me please.Thank you for your assistance.Yvette Anne Loizeau6th June 2020


  I have gone through the set up process endless times in different rooms, right next to the router, far away from the router, where I'd actually like it to be, and at the end of the processs Alexa always has trouble understanding what i'm saying. It is extremely frustrating and I can't see what I'm doing wrong. Any advice would be welcome.


  Great item. Poor customer service. Worked brilliant for 7 months then stopped connecting to the Internet, claimed under warranty and they sent a refurbished replacement which was not made clear at the time. The replacement works but being replaced by essentially a second hand item is poor. If I buy a new item I expect if it breaks though no fault of my own for it to be replaced properly.


  what the advert does not tell you is they are region locked and can not be used outside of the UK so even if you just want it to tell you the time and play music and not actually control any items forget it it wont work


  It doesn't work at all with Tidal outside of the US. So your UK Tidal subscription is worthless on this. Its the only reason I bought it after reading 'Enjoy TIDAL on all your Amazon Echo devices' on hundreds of websites. All useful US features are restricted.


  Still can’t get it to work keeps saying device offline tried everything I have another 4 alexia’s in the house that work great but this dot just wont connect


  I asked questions, no train times or bus times, no music unless you pay extra. It was a gift to me, but I can't see what it is really useful for, in fact I only speak to it when visitors ask about it.


  1st order never turned up, had to wait a further week for replacement order!  Set up took forever, wouldn’t connect to WiFi but no guidance on how to get help. Only when rang to say it’s faulty did Amazon mention that one needed an upgrade, once this happened great worked but a lot of stress!!


  I've tried to get HIVE's free Eco Dot only to realise it was a scam by both Hive and Amazon.One send you to the other and you can not claim it. Faulty codes will actually charge your bank account or paypal.Just avoid both as you will spend days like me trying to get to the bottom of it and it is impossible to get anywher.eGood luck with your choices.


  These echo dots are horrible to crap Alexa does not listen to you & does what ever she wants so frustrating I have had mine abut a year


  Radio only plays for 20 to 40 minutes before cutting off, no matter which skill I use. Have deregistered it, power cycled both it & my router, taken it to my friend's to hook it up the their internet & the same thing happens. Unfortunately, I threw the packaging out so now I'm stuck with it. Pretty annoyed about it.


  ONE STAR for replacing a standard micro-USB on earlier model with a PROPRIETARY charger!!It is 21st century Amazon and we ALL should act responsible - that was the whole idea behind moving to a standardized micro-USB or USB 3 chargers!


  Alex's voice is very bassey.  Equaliser doesn't work for voice.  Alexa can't hear commands when playing music or the alarm is sounding.  Very disappointing.  Alexa units use to have clear audio and we're definitely more receptive to commands.  Sadly since the many updates that have rolled out these devices have now become very poor.  I would not recommend these to anyone any more.


  What a nightmare to set up, we have 2 and they aren't working properly. Spoken to Amazon a couple times now. One will work and the other one doesn't. I am sending them back. Don't buy..


  Was ok to start with but now every time you go to use it just makes a cracking sound even after switching on and off Trying to find how to return is a nightmare as its 5 months old


  My overall rating is simply down to the absolute stupidity of the driver.  Came home from our sons swimming lesson to find it sitting on our window sil.  To say I am annoyed would not cover it!! In the box 2 echo dots!! What ever happened to leaving with a neighbour, or at the very least trying to hide it... will be putting in a complaint for sure.


  If this hadn't been part of my mobile phone contract and I'd paid for it I'd have parcelled it back up to amazon, utter rubbish save your pennies and buy a Sonos speaker!


  Buy this if you want an item that won’t work 50% of the timeI’m on my second replacement, and whilst it’s better, I still have to reset it each weekI’m sure it’s a ploy by amazon to force you to buy one of the more expensive models


  I’ve had an echo for 2 years and really find it useful. I decided to buy my sister the echo dot and she absolutely love it.I love technology and this is really brilliant... might even buy another one for the bedroom.


  Spent 3weeks trying to connect to bbc stations " something went wrong"After numerous emails and talking to help lineSent it back ,replacement connected first time


  Cant get it to work tried it in 3 houses 3 lots of different wifi. Followed all instructions even downloaded info. Used phone fire and laptop not impressed should of bought a google instead


  Connected on the first day and never since - constantly red light and saying try help on app but no matter what I do it hasn’t connected again- waste of money


  Bought one from amazon,would not work.went to pc world to see what the problem was. Told faulty. Bought another from pc world, it had the same faulty issue. Had to purchase a echo plus which installes straight away. Two months of trying to connect a echo dot to which i do not reccomend.


  Expected so much from this device and really disappointed - unplugged now as these are so intrusive listening to your conversations, even though i follow instructions to switch all privacy settings to max


  A completely pointless waste of technology which doesn't add value to your life. Needs to be plugged in constantly to work. Listens to your conversations and cannot play simple music requests. Does exactly what your iPhone does. Steals your data. This is a product for lazy people.


  My old gen dots connect with my sonos connect so when I say hey alexa and if I am palying music via sonos connect it dims / dampens the volume. This new one doesn't do that and is annoying because I'm always playing music. I then have to repeat many times for alexa to understand anything


  Already in the drawer, hate the thing. Got a mind of it's own, never seems to play what I ask for. Sound is good though when it does work!


  I have a normal English voice. It takes several attempts to recognise what I say.It's also very slow, both to boot up and respond.Frankly it's terrible - don't waste your money


  I had used amazon echo dot in India and it used to play music from an app called Saavn which has more Bollywood music collection. But I am not able to use that app in the echo dot I have and it’s really just a not so great speaker if I have to select the playlist and play them from my phone connected to Bluetooth.. that work is done better by my Marley speaker! It took so long for it to sync with my Apple Music and still doesn’t play from my playlists.. so far I am very disappointed and thinking of returning it!


  Low scores only because I couldn't get this to work though my internet connection strength might have been the problem,  so I returned it for a refund.


  This is my 2nd replacement , and I have 3 new echos NONE OF WHICH will connect to my Hive , even through its claims it will ?Also the customer care to solve the problem is terrible , as long as Amazon have your money they don’t appear to care


  Utter crap!  Bought for Christmas present - opened Christmas Day and tried to set up but won't work - set up process fails, then it keeps saying 'sorry Don't recognise, Try later' or similar.  It did start working briefly but took several minutes to tell you the time! No response from customer services. Very dissapointing.


  The product is actually fine, not bad at all. My issue is Amazon don't care about how bad the checkout process is. They've been told by the Advertising Standards Authority to sort it out but they don't take the ASA ruling seriously.The checkout buttons to continue with prime are larger and more noticeable than the link to continue without prime. This is dodgy, unclear, misleading and a terrible customer journey.


  what can one say about this toyits best point is one can almost be sure whatever you ask  it will return sorry I dont understand thatthis is the second piece of crap technology purchased from amazon and now sits in the same trash can as the fire 8 hd that is useless now that it does not have playstore and i could not load my appsall i can say is think twice before you buy this rubbish


  Hi, I’ve had problems with it as I could not get it to register at my retirement home where my other echo dot is. I thought it would be easy to set up, but sadly, no.  And that is why I can’t give it any stars.


  I have tried so many times to set up my alexa but it will not recognise the amazon account and play music even though I have set up the prime account aswel... A shop assistant I asked about it said that it could be defective as it should play straight away what can I do about this issue


  Bought mainly for radio which doesn’t work well. Had to reboot several times as it tells me “here is radio 4” and then... nothing. On reboot works for a day then fails again.


  I was a little upset to the point where I have now disconnected the Alexa app from my network and from third party apps like sonos and Spotify. This is due to the alexa app grouping all my sonos speakers into the same group and then when asked to play only in the living room it played in the whole house. After un paring, all devices went back to normal working. Very disappointed.... Not sure I will be re enabling.


  I bought the echo dot and 3 days later it was still not "connected to wifi". It was meant to be making life easier, not more complicated, so I returned it straight away. And many other people have exactly the same problem (resetting, etc. doesn't help). Oh, and Amazon charges for the returns of their poor quality products, so think long and hard before you buy it!!!


  I'm not too happy with this product. It keeps distorting and finds it hard to pick up on what I ask for. There is also a massive delay when I've asked Alexa a request. I also have an echo. The ECCO was my first purchase. I don't have any problems with that.


  What a load of rubbish... Google million times smarter .. Alexa is one dumb piece of kit. You have been warned..


  Great product idea poorly executed.  Stopped working 13 months after purchase.  Doesn't integrate well with other smart devices.  A poor buy decision!


  I was given this echo dot as a present but setting up has been a dismal failure.For a brief while it did connect but then it disconnected and I've not been able to get it to connect again.I've been through all the Amazon "help" - that didn't take long because it's virtually non-existent.I've trawled the internet, all to no avail.All I get is 'Please refer to your Alexa app for help" - which is of no help whatsoever.Very disappointed!


  I have the Echo and absolutely love it so much that I thought it would be great to have one in my bedroom, however, it won't work as I think its too far away from the hub but if I bring it any closer I  can use the Echo so have no need of it .  Would have liked for it to be more obvious that distance is a problem before I purchased it.


  I have already 1 echo dot 3rd gen and that works fine, so I bought a second one in April. It is still not connecting properly so I can't  use it. I will return it for a replacement when I figure how to do this.


  Asa a long standing customer why was I not informed that the echo would be on offer a week after I purchased at full price!!!???


  I got it for my daughter but it doesn’t play amazon storytime anymore and it’s a waste of time getting in touch with amazon as they been looking into the problem for 2 weeks now and I’m no further forward and it’s not the app as app works on other peoples akexas


  It’s ok to use as a speaker, sound quality is ok. However, Alexa is the most useless and stupid thing ever. She won’t understand most of the commands and will start doing whatever she understands. Very frustrating. Using it less and less.


  Plays same music over and over even asks for money  to place some songs .....boooring ...I wouldn't pay extra for the clock you can hardly see it


  This product does not work it keeps turning itself off before it can be set up. I asked for it to be exchanged but amerzon are making a easy job into a marathon making me ring them so they can try and get me to sort out the fault myself which will not happen. They have my money so are not bothered.


  The voice recognition is pretty bad if you have an accent like I do. As far as the built in speaker, pretty descent for it size. As a household integreted device if fact its pretty rubbish, there are so many device that this could work with but it just doesnt but having said that for the price its a descent gimmick.


  I have an earlier model with no issues, however this struggles to recognise very little and often find myself repeating request up to three or four times. Sympathise with my neighbours as it seems a necessity to raise my voice in order to get my message across. Unsure if I have an issue with this individual item however if the feedback is generic then for the sake of your sanity (and those around you!) wisely avoid at all costs!


  It listens to you all the timeHaving to disconnect it most of the timeI think privacy is not very well respected with these products otherwise it does what it says ok the tin


  We listen to classical music. Completely unable to identify the music. Asked for Beethoven’s fifth symphony and got some ghastly rock version. Eventually Sent it back as useless despite the amazing support from  amazon help desk who tried to sort it out for me. They were extremely helpful, even phoning back to see how I was getting on. I really liked the idea of it but it was not for me.


  Ordered this as an extra so i could listen to my music in the kitchen,but no matter what I do when i ask it to play it only plays on the front room one! Its so frustrating I have thrown it in the bin.dont waste your money on this rubbish.


  Not working so far. I don't know whether it's the App that's faulty or the appliance, or my signal. I'm still testing it out. Majorly disappointed at the moment.


  Not for me. Got it free with EDF contract. Only things I would do with it I can do with my phone anyway and I found the voice irritating. Also no instructions in box. Sorry I'm old and like instructions on paper.


  Connected the dot to our home Wi-Fi ( already have two Alexa devices) via the app on my phone. The dot said it was ready, however the Alexafunction did not work. Followed the instructions including the 26 second reset process but still no luck with the Alexa function.Returned to Amazon for a refund.


  Well there's an hour of my Christmas Day I'll never get back and the thing still isn't connected to our WiFi.Ridiculously technical to set up if it doesn't work first time.No wonder it was only £25.


  I bought  this echo dot because I thought I could use it as a speaker for my Amazon music on my I pad.  Unfortunately my I pad appears to be incompatible with the alexa app. So I cannot use it.  So probably best to find out if your operating system can cope with alexa before parting with your money!,  May one day I will be able to afford a new I pad then I will be able to discover if the echo dot is any good.


  ORDERED THIS IN NOVEMBER AND 6MONTHS LATER THE SOUND QUALITY IS CRAP, LISTENING TO MUSIC/RADIO AS NEAR ON IMPOSSIBALE AS JUST GET HISSING WHICH CANT UNDERSTAND IF YOUR LISTENING THROUGH THE INTERNET..... HAVE RESTARTED SERVERAL TIMES AND STILL NO DIFFERENCE


  Well it records everything you ask for forever, music is pointless as after every time you ask for a song.... You get the amazon advert, might as well turn on the radio, I can't see the point of it and therefore sold it


  The reason I have given this 1 satar is because I've had 2 of these for just over a year and already broke not happy


  This device is beyond me. There is no easy way to set up and far too many complicated instructions, I had hoped to tie in with the Firestick but even though the Firestick is marked as suitable for Alexa the app says it's not compatible. Its all maybe a good idea but too impractable for most people.


  The audio reproduction on these dots is absolutely abysmal. The spoken response is so muffled and in bass mode. I have adjusted the settings but it makes no difference whatsoever to the spoken response. I am passed return date so will probably donate this device to a charity. So disappointing.


  i have been happy with this item up to tonight. tonight, Alexa started talking exceptionally loud, but for our music we couldnt hear it.  Please can anyone advise me how to do  a return or exchange on this, as the return window appears closed - it says might could be able to return or exchange up to Feb 2020.  The process seems to be taking me round in circles, not the best when your item is so faulty.


  The speaker vibrates so sounds distorted. Everything else is good, just cant appreciate a good quality sound like I should.


  Jury out, since activating our Alexa on our HUAWEI with 3 not worked properly and internet not very good.Also paying for music and can’t see a way of cancelling on app so be carefulCurrently a little disappointedProb me new to this technology


  This dreadful. It never recognised my voice. I have to constantly repeat myself and shout at it.It won’t link to or control my Fire TV Stick at all. Constantly tells me there is no ‘skill’ to do that.Overrides my TV speakers which I don’t want because my TV speakers are better.The guides for set up do not relate in any way to what you actually have to do.I wish I’d never bought it.Totally, Totally rubbish


  After all the drama about Apple and Sonos speakers marking furniture, Amazon are still shipping Echo devices with bases that leave "burn" like marks on your furniture. Please be aware that you will need a mat for this. The Alexa app is also terrible.


  This is my second Echo Dot and just like the first doesn’t recognise that I’ve got a premium Spotify account and therefore won’t play music via my Sonos speakers.!! Totally useless - I had email and telephone technical support from Amazon with the first Echo all to no avail despite being on the call for over 30 minutes.


  This was an additional purchase for my daughter, however, she is unable to listen to the same podcast at the same time as my son is listening to his DOT, apparently its a licensing issue? It very strange considering I can broadcast the podcast to my complete home group, buy I can isolate it to my son and daughter, how rubbish is that!!


  When set up, it was switched off and settings just died. New Set up was pulling teeth, and support from Amazon and Vodafone broadband was Diabolical. Sorted myself in the end, and works fine.But seriously Amazon, some Bangladeshi guy reading from a script, that new jack sh¡t about networking, really didn't cut it, support wise.


  Tried to connect all over Christmas spoke to amazon and after 1.20 mins the man decided that there was a fault so new one being dispatched hope new one works very disappointed childThey did try and blame my internet but I wasn’t having that as it’s fibre and everything else works very well


  This echo dot is useless!! Constantly loses connection since we bought it. And now it tells us our WiFi password is wrong, when it's right... everything else connects. Probably going to throw it away and buy something else.Our other echo works fine. This is more of a hassle than a help. Better off with a radio!


  Had this for Christmas as a present but it's never worked,  been in correspondence with Amazon but so far they are refusing to replace it, don't bother with their customer service, absolutely terrible.


  Suddenly stopped working. Light continously spins round. Won't recognizer when spoken too. The action button doesn't do anything. Tried unplugging, de registering everything and it just keeps spinning round.


  I have an Echo plus which brilliant but the Dot is a huge let down. It stops playing songs from Spotify after 2 songs. The only reason I bought it was to use Spotify. After looking around for similar problems it seems it’s been going on for months and still has not been resolved by Amazon. Very poor customer service.


  It was amazing at first. Now it keeps stopping mid song. Apparently this has been an issue for a year and a half. It should be sorted by now. Ridiculous.


  I spent at least 3 hours to both Amazon and my Broadband provider without achieving any eventual success to get my Alexa to be fully functional.  Despite a replacement Alexa being mailed out and additional attempts again.  But alas, Alexa is in my view useless and now nothing more than an ornament in my living room.  I wouldn't recommend an Alexa to anyone.  Don't waste your time and money folks.


  Decent for the money if you buy at half normal price or less. Alexa still has a lot to learn and not having a skill for devices controlled by Spotify Connect is deeply annoying. Refusal to identify older networked devices means Alexa is only half way there. However, she’s not living on a prayer.


  Yet again bought another unit and still they do not connect to the wifi systems, no response from Amazon on the matter and a complete waste of space


  My daughter purchased this eco dot for me at Christmas she set it up for me but I am unable to get things like radio Cambridge simply red as these are things I like I am 80yrs old and like it to be simple


  The Alexa Echo Dot arrived but is faulty as confirmed by an Alexa technicin. I am still waithing for a refund.


  This item was very hard to connect and I had to get help from Amazon and while the agent was very competent and eventually succeeded  to connect the dot  then it would not connect to Hive plugs and lights. The pairing did not work. If I had been able to return item I would have done so but both echo and hive products are now in a drawer and hopefully never to be seen again. very disappointed after all the hype!!!!


  Up to expectation. Very useful for everyday information: historical facts, up to date national news, opening/closing times of local shops/restaurants etc.Particularly useful in the kitchen as a timer and will set multiple timers at the same time. Offers good recipes too.Wide selection of music and also used as a radio, shopping list plus many more.


  The sound is boomy, making some words difficult to understand. The music option seems confusing - even though I have Prime it seems I need to spend another 7 punds or so to get music. Currently hardly used


  This Alexa does not work correctly for non UK queries, unable to give accurate traffic situation (only UK roads) unable to answer simple queries about local shop opening timea again only UK! If you're based in Ireland don't bother.. glad I only invested in the dot to try out & didn't spend big money


  She doesn’t listen, turns off when she feels like it, starts music when she feels like it. We have two of these and they are both rubbish.


  Totally disappointed with my purchase as I find it appalling you have to subscribe to Amazon music (it similar) to be able to listen to songs unless it’s on a radio station


  I had to send it back as the sound kept crackling. Reverted back to my 2nd gen model with external speakers...much more reliable.


  This is a good product, what is not so good is the repeated emails from amazon asking for a review, therefore it gets one star.  Much better sound quality than the tinny first generation.  Still doesn't know answers to basic questions though which is annoying considering the complete rubbish alexa does know


  I constantly have to repeat “alexa” several times before it lights up and listens, and when i start to talk it begins to interrupt me, for the high price of this product im very disappointed with the voice recognition quality, i have complete the voice recognition recording to help alexa recognise my voice several times but still have the same issue.


  Xmas morning all it says is "i don't understand right now" this will be returned along with the echo and replaced with a google home hub. Most useless product ever.


  Rubbish audio, it really needs to be linked up to a decent set of speakers. Also, it occasionally thinks I live in New York, US which is about 3,500 miles from where I actually live!


  I purchased this in good faith, only for an extremely special offer on the price to come out days later. Not happy.


  This product developed a muffling sound on speaker, it's nearly impossible to hear music or Alexa voice.


  Not sure what to ask this now.Novelty wearing off.Good for setting alarm and asking weather but not compatible to my Apple Music collection.Reluctant to use for switching lights on etc as needing more exercise.Should maybe have bought a Fitbit instead!!!!


  Don’t get a new hub / router as the dot will not recognise it and will not connect.


  The set-up of the Echo Dot from an Amazon Kindle Fire was horrendously difficult. There were endless loops of 'connect to device' then 'connect to wifi' and on and on it went. I finally discovered the Alexa app on the Kindle Fire does not update automatically. This feels like it is a product that has been rushed out not fully tested. Not impressed.


  Downside is its not Portable doesn't contain any charging systemAlso its not useful for everyday use you can't search anything except set one also can't use Google nor YouTube 


  Do not buy if you like privacy.Never wanted this but brought as a gift. I opened and set it up but then quickly put back in box and put away after I realise it records everything you say.Also you get constant emails of amazon after you set it up.


  Absolute marketing scam, and was given to me as a gift. Apart from telling me the weather or streaming  the radio.Utterly useless, unless of course you but smart plugs, blubs, sockets, lamps, sensors etc.Seriously people.... get a grip. post Covid 19..we all need to stop wasting money and resources.


  Cannot set up goes into failure loop turns off setup mode or constant asking for WiFi network


  Absolute waste of money even if it was half price! Alexa understands very little said to her. So pointless buying this!


  Well! If you like to listen to music at your choice you have to pay a subscription to Amazon music .As a prime member I m very disappointed about that.Sometimes Alexa is unresponsive. 


  Won't connect to anything, hidden charges, refuses to help in any way. This is the cheapest, buggiest device I have ever had to deal with and is simply not worth the hassle. Even when I try to pay for Amazon music unlimited, it comes up with an error. Be prepared for disappointing Christmas gifts.


  How many times must i write and did not purchase an Amazon dot echo from you.


  I was very disappointed to learn after I bought my second Alexa I can only listen to music on one ..Or pay twice I. The same houseThe device is faulty and does not listen to commend..  I am shouting to try and stop it.. I have unplugged it


  It absolutely refuses to connect to the wifi at home. When i enter the password it then tells me to connect to the amazon device wifi and then tells me that it is going to divert to another website which never appears. Absolutely useless !!!


  The Amazon Echo devices allow children to make in store purchases as standard. It is a voice activated device that neither recognises a 4 year old is making a purchase nor includes an approval process. When I informed customer services the reaction was “we get that complaint a lot”. Well perhaps they should consider fixing the issue.


  Didnt work couldnt connect still after 5 hours and trying to get sorted with customer services and 3 people, gave up and returned


  Tried for 3 days to set this up and it just won’t connect to my WiFi! Contacted amazon and one eventually managed to give me detailed step by step instruction on how to set it up and still didn’t work! Got a google speaker in the end and it took me like 1 minute to set it up! This eco dot might be affordable but not worth any penny!


  Amazon sell hive bulbs with it but it’s a scam, you have to buy the hive hub in order for it to work .Super disappointing in amazon, I feel ripped off and will return all these items. Never again!


  Wow the money Amazon has had from me in the last 12 months and then the day after I buy an echo dot the price is reduced by £20 way to make your customers feel good, to say I'm fuming is an understatement.


  Wont contect to my wifi tried akl day till got very flustrated .Others who own one said the same .With my google mini i had no problem at all very disappointing.


  Very dissapointed with this, so much so I returned it for a refund. Alexa didn't understand half the songs I wanted even though they were on my playlist and the sound quality was very poor, kept coming and going. It was reduced in the Black Friday sales and I can see why. Even at £20 I wouldn't bother with it


  The device doesn't hear me even when I am stood about half a metre away in a silent room, I have to basically be stood right next to it for it to pick up my voice. I have 1 other and it's doing the same thing - useless!


  I have tried to connect the Echo dot to my phone Ipad. I only get as far as the sign in then it returns to sign in although email and password are correct really unhappy


  Couldn't get it to work, helpline was very helpful but couldn't do it either, second one sent out, that didnt work either!


  Set up initially straightforward and was working ok but when we hit a new router and tried to change the wifi it would not connect. Tried resetting and power on/off etc... but all it is now is a paperweight. Completely useless for what it is supposed to do. The Alexa app is no help at all. Just full of generic questions and answers. Nothing remotely helpful. Very disappointing


  Tried to set up with my samsung j3 2018 but keeps asking me to unable auto network switch but this isnt an option so can't go any further to set upAlso my son couldnt set up on his samsung s7Sending it back if no one gets back to me !!!!!


  This will not connect to my old alexia it's says its Matt's echo dot. In fact it was my husband that brought it. Not it will not transfer to my name total waste of money an time.


  It took forever to connect and then once I eventually had it working I was unable to use it in the kitchen where I wanted it.There nowhere in my kitchen that is 8inches from a wall with no items blocking it.


  I like the echo dot but its not portable,has no battery and if u wanna use it you have to keep it plugged in,and its cheeky also because if u want it to be portable you have to buy accessories and if u want better sound quality u have to buy speakers,its good dont get me wrong but it eats money in the long run


  Good addition to network - sound quality surprisingly excellent.Bought second one and it won't work ?  It just doesn't like setting up in the same way...


  absolutely awful the app doesn't work in the uk. and I have a smart plug which the app can not communicate with so wats the point.


  It’s not fit for family.There are a few issues we have found as a family.1 - Only one Spotify can be linked which means when that person is not at home it can’t be used.2 - anyone can deregister your device and register themselves.3 - must be plugged in at all times so you can’t move itI have found it not suited to our lifestyle and to be very limited.


  Had nothing but problems with this item as it keeps losing the Wi-fi which is a pain in the bottom.....


  Product has never worked properly, red ring continually on. Only help online says turn on microphone with microphone button. There is no microphone button. Reset does no help. To get any help you have to search the internet, as there are no detailed instructions with the unit. My advice is don't waste your money.


  Connects fine and does everything it should apart from the sound quality is not good at all. It distorts quite a bit and thats when volume isn't even very loud on 4-6 never asked for volume 8 as no point.Its ok for bedroom but don't get for any living areas.


  Not worth the money at all,Should be giving to people for free.Because your going to after first month pay monthly subscription.for an extra 20 euro you could get a real good bluetooth speaker and play music of youtube.I reckon i wont buy for another 5/6 years until technology gets better.


  It was just a free gift when changing broadband supplier! Would never actually buy one of these stupid items. They do nothing useful that my phone can’t do already. They’re glorified clocks! And she can’t understand clear voices either. It’s a stupid thing.


  Hi, my Hue devices aren’t found by Alexa, but instead bulbs that are no longer in USE or plugged i. are, which is weird! And when the new ones are finally “discovered”, after number of switch on and offs, Alexa app shows them as non responsive. So two problems here and I cannot find resolution for either. Please advise!?


  Found Alexa to be quite useful and entertaining but after a while the voice recognition was not as good and the music is very limited. The voice commands are also very limited when playing music. The 'PLAY' section of the app is terrible! You will only ever have the artist/genre you ask Alexa for by voice in your recently played. You cant choose individual songs unless youve recently played it. Very poor from 'Alexa' and Amazon.


  Only bought to seamlessly access Amazon music and it failed - nothing I could do could connect it via bluetooth to a bluetooth speaker - every other device I have can connect but not Alexa.  Waste of £35.


  I bought this to replace my original echo dot, this one will not play any bbc radio stations, it wont even ackowledge i said the word bbc.meanwhile walk into the other room say alexa play bbc 6 music and the bbc sounds app starts straight away


  You cannot setup to use this device with a single smart phone. Need at least 2 devices with wifi data access to setup. Not straight forward. Returned mine to Amazon.


  Sometimes it plays music through Sonas, but mostly it cannot detect the sonas speaker. Has been a rather painful and frustrating process and I wish I hadn’t bothered with it.  I’ll stick to using the sonas app to play music, which is hardly much of an effort.If you are blind and have no arms then these types of products (providing they work) would be of some aid.


  Arrived, Item totally dead, it was a gift so very disappointing. Returned and have been short changed refunded £46 when paid £49.99. Normally an Amazon fan I am seething.


  Initially connected no problem, seemed ok. Power was lost, when switched back on will no longer connect to wifi, phoned customer support but the old switch on & off & reset didn't work so guess what customer support decides i'll cut you off. Useless waste of money & lousy support.


  This Echo Dot didn’t work very well from the start. Others I have work better. Amazon refuses to admit there is a problem


  Alexa is a poor addition to the houseMost questions you ask she doesn’t know the answer tooThe sound quality when she speaks is very tinny and not always clearGlad I got it half price as I would have been very annoyed to pay £50 for something that is pretty much uselessPoor addition to the amazon brand


  I only started using this Alexa (bought in October) recently.  I believe it is faulty since it cuts out with terrible regularity. It won't tune in to the BBC for more than a few minutes at a time, for example


  Bought as have been told it a great product and I know family who have Alexa and love it, was very disappointed setting it to mine won’t go on the internet at all, and you need the the the internet for it to work with out its just an expensive circle with lights, every other device I have bought has connected to the internet no problem, not sure if it a faulty one


  I think this is an amazing piece of technology, has given and will continue to give, hours of enjoyment.I would highly recommend this product.


  I don’t want to review this product. It’s rubbish you have to have two subscriptions to be able to use them they both linked to my amazon account with one subscription but only the original one will play music what a waste of time


  This is Faulty, I brought from Littlewoods and I have complained but don't seem to get anywhere. Not happy at all, It does not respond, It has never worked and only bought in July. Can you help???


  William Hill radio just doesn't play on latest 3rd gen dots.


  alexa spends most of her time recommending things!!ie:if you want the latest music,sign up to such n such......and if you dont,all you get is things put together in the amazon tea room!! absolute con!


  I had a second and this was an upgrade. But its not working very smooth, sound quality is not better than earlier version. Had to restart device already 3 times and i just got it.


  My son registered my Alexa in his name, we then changed it to my name but by doing so I forfeited the £3.99 a month it is now £7.99 a month. I am not prepared to pay that much, so sadly I probably won’t be getting the most of of it. So maybe it was a wast of money as £7.99 a month is just too much for me to bother with it.


  Very poor product have two of these that work fine the one that was recently bought for me does not work properly and the replacement one does not work properly either , very poor service from Amazon .


  The product has a very poor ability to connect to WiFi.Every other WiFi device in the room is able to connect to the WiFi in a stable manner.  However, this product even with  a signal strength of better than 70 dBs is sometimes unable to connect.


  This was a gift, have absolutely no idea what I am going to use it for.Haven't looked at it since christmas


  Too tiny, not very powerful at all against the likes of say; Boose, of similar! Hate the apps and they won't play together simultaneously! Crap actually!!"‍♂️Also I've not blasted them & the speaker's are faulty!


  Only wanted for music in another room, cost for music gone up from 3.99 to 14.99 what a con, will not use.


  disappoiinted at the response from amazon as emailed for help and just kept getting patronisied by amazonbeng told again and again to press the reset button action button which i explained i had aready done and redone, now left with a useless dot, have another dot and it works perfectly as does the Alexa. Asked for a replacement no response, not good enough Amazon!


  I am unable to play my audibles without doing it manually. It’s asking me to buy it (I already have it) and it won’t let me buy it again either. It’s also not connecting to Spotify/ I have premium but it’s just not connecting. I have done everything Spotify suggested.


  It’s constantly disconnecting from the internet WiFi in my home - which is a problem because we bought it for white noise for my daughter to have on throughout the night.


  I Purchased this for my husband and to start with we were both very impressed. Unfortunately after using it for a couple of days the sound has started distorting really badly. It seems you can turn it off/on and it will resolve the issue. We haven’t even had it turned up beyond half way so it’s not as if we’ve been pushing the speaker.I’ve thrown out all the packaging so I’m left with a product that is deteriorating by the day and at the current rate will be useless in a week.


  Warning! The echo dot has stopped playing BBC Radio stations. For me, This makes Alexa almost useless. I will now have to buy an old fashioned radio. Shame.


  The sound output is pretty good but I can't see that it does anymore than what you can do with a radio or a smart phone. And I didn't find out that you have to pay about £8 per month for music until I asked Alexa to pay a song choice, don't pay the monthly fee you are just left with the free radio. I am already fed up repeating myself and shouting at Alexa to get anything to play. Only owned it for a couple of weeks and yet already it is just collecting dust on the side table.


  This product does exactly what it says it does. Only issue is do you really need it to?Unless you have lights or a heating system to control then is there any point in using one of these devices to know what the weather is doing?It is very good quality etc if you do have devices it can link to bit again do you need it?


  Speaker has never really been turned up that loud but has an awful sound like it is blown, lots of crackling even going through lots of steps that people have suggested, it's now useless..


  Amazon Echo claims to be able to play "all your music" but it can only play what you have purchased on Amazon.  It cannot play iTunes or music downloaded from CDs so is quite useless.  We returned it.


  Concidering I paid to have this delivered if they want it back you come pick it up concidering I'm house bound.


  So disappointed. Bought as a Christmas present only to see massive discount offered just after Christmas


  Doesn't sound very loud.Hardly plays any music you ask for unless you buy amazon music monthly.Isn't wireless.Been told they are used like spy software


  Continually loses ability to play music or radio. Tried resetting everything a few times and it’s random whether this works or not. Tech support poor in identifying the likely issue, just ordered us a new one. I doubt this will fix the problem, but look forward to being pleasantly surprised if it does!


  Given as present. Wouldn’t have wasted money on it. Can’t play/answer what it s asked. Only good as radio but have one if those.


  Deleveries kept going missing and no excuse as to why.  Got a refund and brought from Argos instead.  That Alexa didn't work properly had to return.


  I got this a gift, I'm very wary of it. I have only used it for 5 mins since I received it. I don't like it, and I won't be using it.


  Exactly 3 days after I started to use it, it stopped working and never turned back on again!! I am going to return it!!


  Brand new echo dot 3rd gen, Cant pair to existing device that a echo dot 2nd gen connects to fine.Returning for exchange. Fingers  crossed replacement does.


  So, so frustrated. By eldest son got one for his birthday a years ago and loved it so thought I'd do the same for No. 2. HOWEVER they cannot play independently. So they cannot play what they want when they want. Forced for one to gave to use Amazon Music and the other Spotify, even though I have a Spotify Family account


  This will be my second Echo Dot (3rd Gen).  The first was faulty and had to be returned and this is the replacement.  After approximately eight requests during the day, Alexa fails to 'answer' and I have to unplug it and after a while, set it up once more.  Very disappointed and this second Echo Dot (3rd Gen) is heading back to Amazon I think!  Interested to know if anyone else has had the same problem!


  This is an excellent product don;t get me wrong, but after only two days, and with not excessively high volume, the speaker is rasping as if the paper has blown. Every song, even with low bass, that is played is rasping so I would say that the quality of the speaker is not the best.Amazon have an excellent product here but if they have scrimped on one of the main components wothing the Echo Dot - Gen 3 -then shame on them!!


  This product will not play my playlists says they don't exist, very frustrating after spending time setting them up, supposed to be smart, the most stupid thing I've ever encountered!!!!!!


  Dear Amazon,I bought the echo dot with high hopes, but when it got here, I could not connect to my university's Eduroam internet. I live in the college dorm of the University of Cambridge. I wanted to get a echo dot for my room, but I am not being able to connect to the internet on it. I will have to either return it or tell me the solution to connect to the internet.


  Voice recognition is poor. It also gets activated by general conversation when we haven't requested its activation. It also seems to listen to general conversation and uses key words to supply advertising in various apps. If I memntion going to a particular place I suddenly see adverts on Facebook for the very same place / item / thing that was mentioned.


  Worked for a while then messed up the connection. It could have been the alexa app that was the problem, but I wont know until the replacement arrives


  Drop in price the day after i purchased three of them I paid £100 over the top for these.  Ive just moved from ebay  to Amazon where I spend 10k per year on average to be treated like this is grossly unfair think I will take my business back to ebay and google for my works equipment.


  i got the dot to see what the fuss was about and what a waste the first one i got i bust no reason it just crackled so we got a new one free of amazon not that ones doing it now and then it picks when it wants to work


  Amazon have sneaky charges slipped in here be careful


  Distorted sound as if the speaker is actually blown! Doesn't play Spotify when requested. Will definitely be going back.


  it wont connect to wifi even when it within 1 mtr of the router and when you get your phone to connect then alexa say its to busy try again later it been like this for a week


  Doesn’t play the songs that she is asked to play, no matter how clear you speak. Total waste of money in my opinion


  works some time have say alexia like 3 times


  After owning this just over a year (year and 2 months to be precise) the speaker has blown


  It doesn’t work even after hours spent charging and attempting everything.A complete waste of time.Don’t bother


  I bought this as it was on special offer and the grey would match my décor. It doesn't understand what we say to it and I hate the American Accent (I normally like that a US accent but not this one!). Our previous Alexa was very responsive and had a much better tone to it. One plus is that it looks better but is much better than our previous model.


  So the speaker on this version is decent. But this version has problems hearing me, the first two had no such problems, I keep having to repeat myself.


  worked for six month then went crackly and would connect and couldn't get a signal. tried to return, but the whole processs with Amazon is a nightmare and it's still here gathering dust. So dissapointed with Amazon and i won't be buying any more Alexas


  My Alexa echo won’t let me connect to the internet I’ve tryed 19 times now been all through the app and everything moved it into different rooms etc etc etc but nothing is working not very happy as it was a birthday present for someone and it won’t work if anyone can help I’ll really appreciate it thanks!


  I have binned two of these and gone back to the echo dot 2nd generation as the 3rd generation has stopped working


  Got sick of yelling at Alexa for voice recognition and I just wanted to play Spotify and I can’t without a premium account so I’ve sent it back. By the time I’ve yelles at Alexa until she understands I could have gone on my calendar or weather apps and looked myself.


  Music subscription was a waste of money as it didn’t work for me. Alexa itself was perfect.


  I ordered one with the clock only to find out it is only done in the one colour, this colour should not have been on the same link as the one with the clock on


  still not been able to get Dot to link up driving me mad . Alexa tells me t go to the app which is no se what so ever. gave up and going to try again  in the next few weeks


  This product is useless if you want to listen to BBC radio either national or local. It worked for a few weeks and now it just cuts off despite having all the correct 'skills' downloaded. BBC are aware and are doing nothing.


  Only lasted a few months, waste of money, Amazon do not refund.


  so my disabled wife can alter heating if necessary , Not possible so wish we didn't have hive


  Just got this and thought yes I can play music but I'm not willing to pay £9.99 a month to play music and so I'm returning this as you pay for a product and have to pay more to listen to unlimited music which should be free when you get this product......if I know before I wouldn't go it in the first place......


  As a concept it’s great, and when it works it’s great but it’s stability is really poor. Multiple times it just cuts out and needs a voice command to play a radio station again - and I do have a stable wi-fi. Would not not buy again


  Don't buy this if you have sky wifi.  It won't connect.


  everything you ask apart from silly things you get the same answer. "sorry I dont know that".. should have got a google home


  Got this all set up and asked Alexa to tell hive to cancel the ‘heating’ boost and she said “sure boost cancelled.” However the heating stays on. I waited a month for this device and it doesn’t work. Very disappointing indeed.


  I returned the product as it wouldn't link to my internet despite about 6 attempts and I think it was faulty. And the intrusion worried me everything you do on it sends your info to amazon. I'm quite a private person and it felt like I had a spy in my house masquerading as a helper. Should have the ability to have nothing shared to Amazon.


  Cheap rubbish and all back up by Amazon's own 1 year warranty........ 1 year warranty, any product you buy from lidl or aldi is sold with a 3 year warranty!!!! Wake up Amazon


  Set up no problem then had to move it ..... could not get Alexa to work after that!


  IMPOSSIBLE to setup via a Laptop , either windows7 or windows10. CANNOT find,  download or install the setup app


  There was only the mains cable in the box no alexa very disappointing as it was for my mum and dad Christmas present shall I just send the charger back to you


  Not sure what the problem is but it keeps losing the Wifi and saying it is not set up. The app is pretty useless. It's been sat there for a month now and only seems to work intermittently.


  Dreadful, the main reason for this system was to play music throughout the house and it constantly fails to understand your command or play the music/radio etc for more than 2 minutes without cutting out, I would never have bought this system if I knew how badly it performedHave made 2 complaints through Alexa app and no response from Amazon on the issues


  couldnt get on with it  unpluged it


  I have bought a second dot for a second home so a completely second entity and it wont play any of the radio stations that I want and I want it for radio listening as there is vitually no  radio reception.


  Trying to get the dot set up for over an hour now!!! What stupid set up process!!!! Have a few which I wanted to give as Xmas presents they are all going to be returned. What rubbish!!!!! Thanks for wasting my time!!!


  I bought the new echo dot 3 to replace my echo dot 2 and initially I was impressed. However the echo dot 3 has major connectivity problems. My previous echo dot 2 always stayed connnected to the internet and I never once had an issue. The echo dot 3 though is a different matter despite being placed in exactly the same position and with the same router it constantly loses connection, crashes, stops playing and as of today will not connect at all.


  Alexa is thick as 2 bricks. More stress than it’s worth. Don’t waste you money. I thought it might learn as time went on by I honestly hate this device.


  This echo dose not work waste of time sending it back


  This is the 4th dot in my house. This one has a fault. I have reset it three times. De registered it and re registered in in the app. But the problem is still there. I have contacted customer support but they could not resolve the issue either.  Very frustrating.


  Not for me. Was a present from my Daughter. Have returned it with thanks. Do not have smart home so pointless!  Have all my classic music on a Brennan hard disc. I'm not so old to turn it on though.


  Just arrived. Terrible product. Very complicated set up process & it fails to connect to my WIFI. Waisted so much time with it today. Hate it!!


  Where to start ! SLOW ! WAY WAY WAY TOO MUCH BASS (even when turned fully down and treble up) ! Seems so much slower to react than version 2 ! ITS CRAP


  This product is a way Amazon to spying on me, eve mn with the mic mute button in still can hear when I'm in the room and the light becomes different like a yellow colour,


  I was told it was a fire stick 4k


  I bought Spotify Premium after being given the Echo Dot as a gift, only to find that every time I ask Alexa to stream it, I am told that the Echo does not support this service. I've looked online for too long, cannot find an answer and so have given up. A lovely thoughtful gift that I cannot really use. Bad work Amazon.


  I had a lot of excitement while buying this product. However the device is unable to connect to WiFi. Tried with multiple WiFi connections with no luck. I am not at all using this product. It has a technical problem to connect to WiFi.


  I never purchased this item. I don't know how I got to do a review.


  I have 3 echo dots, my eldest is 13 months old and the sound has all of a sudden gone crackly. I have spoken with Amazon and after the troubleshoot failed I was told to buy a new one. Barley out of warrenty and the product broke. Now worried about my others. Won't be buying again


  Such a con. I ordered this for my Son as I had one already. However, I have to pay for the music on each device! I'm already paying to listen to music on my one yet, have to pay double now! Really dissatisfied. I feel ripped off. It should be advertised that a subscription in the household is only covered for 1 product!


  Unfortunately try as I might I have been unable to set up Echo Dot and so the equipment is currently redundant. I have also sought the help of family who have had experience of Echo Dot, but to no avail. I would be interested in speaking to anyone who can advise. This obviously accounts for my low ratings.


  Great if you want to listen to music or use it as a timer etc... Useless if you want to listen to music from your Amazon account but have different tastes at the same time. You need a Spotify and an Amazon, so don’t buy an echo if you don’t live on your own...!!! 1 out of 10


  Love it as a concept just wish Amazon & Google would take their heads from out of their arses and allow customer to use their music software on each others devices. I personally prefer Google Music but have had to convert to Amazon Music just for this device which is quite annoying so I'm now considering getting a Google Home Hub & their devices.


  Glorified speaker, she’s rubbish and doesn’t know anything. I’d of sent her back but my husband like it. I only ask her to set a timer.


  Its crap will not work with smart light bulbs ordered with it.Very Dissapointed with Amazon Alexa.Will be ordering Google it can't be worse than amazon help line.


  Very very stressful to use. Hardly responds to anything, makes playing music difficult and is just tiresome. Would not recommend.


  My rating was based on the Delivery experience.Delivery was left outside front door on the Friday, I returned from a long weekend away the following Monday evening.  The box was soaked through.


  Screwed up my wi fi and cctv cameras. Turned it off Nd stopped using it.


  Still struggling to install and pair with the app on my phone, I had know idea it was going to be so difficult


  This product is useless it never understands what you say and does. Whatever it likes


  Ingenious little device with multiple uses.  Joined Amazon music on 30 day free trial but will sign up permanently next month.  Excellent sound quality for such a small speaker.  Use as radio, music player, alarm clock, google inquisitions.  Excellent value.  i’m really pleased my daughter, unsolicited, bought me Alexa for Christmas.


  Bought for me as a gift.  Waste of money!  Doesn't do anything USEFUL!  I can turn on my own lights and select my own music etc etc etc, thank you.


  Not worth the money or hassle doesn't really do much, most music i ask for it wont play as i dont have some account although i thought paying for prime gives you access. It can tell you the time or what the weather is like... but so can my phone,watch and eyes!


  I dont like the fact i pay for my wi fi and i paid for my Alexa i then pay £3.99 a month for music. But rather than carry my Alexa up and down the stairs i brought this Echo dot but to use the music i already pay for i now have to pay more than double. Even though i only want to play it on one device at a time.


  I received my echo dot in January it has now created a fault takes command and the does nothing .the most annoying thing now is trying to get a replacement no one is there to help solve my problem it is an absolute disgrace .shame on you amazon .


  Bought due to Amazon audible book offer to listen around the house but after setting it up it won't play audible. Pointless as both are amazon companies. Despite over an hour of attempted trouble shooting it still won't play any books. Will be returning item immediately.


  Ask for song  eg Robert palmer and Alex a says no songs by (Robin Palmer) no voice recognition.


  You'll need spotify premium in order to listen to music. it won't work with spotify Free.


  Waste of money charges u for Amazon music all the time when I have another app I used it i ring moan about get it cancelled but keeps taking money out


  I actually really like the dot but being pestered for reviews is annoying hence the one star


  I don’t like the fact this got returned and not even sent out again to myself as it was supposedly damaged. I work for amazon and I know that damaged products get returned and a replacement gets sent out right away.


  I can’t get the EchoDot to connect to the internet I don’t want to give star rating as I can’t say yet.


  i have returned a 3rd generation because it was very unresponsive, sent a replacement that is exactly the same. give it an instrucyion a it thinks about it for a while then lights up red, not all the time but enough to jar you off.will try google home now.


  Bought three of these. The one in my flat works fine, but the two for my parents house just will not connect. So that’s £45 wasted. Have tried everything to fix it but nope. Can’t decide if it’s amazons or Sky broadbands failing but the parents broadband is working fine so for me it’s a failing on Amazon that it will not connect.


  This device is just pointless


  Does not have the knowledge of the Google asked many questions and the reply " I don't know that one " bored to death with it already very poor


  Second generation out of stock which I have 2 of, this third generations sound is very muffled so would not recommend if slightly poor of hearing like myself.


  This 3rd gen voice is so muffled it's hard to make out what it is saying. I turned the bass all the way down and treble all the way up and it doesn't seem to have made any difference.


  Far inferior relative to Google devices.Poor voice recognition, limited functionality, continually ties to sell Amazon products.We've endured this & an Echo dot for several months.These are clearly loss leaders.... Although half the price of the opposition they have quarter of the capability.


  Awful! Never works. Doesn't respond. Contacted Amazon by phone and email. No help. No response. If you get it hope it works and you don't need to contact Amazon.


  I already have an Alexa which I subscribe to amazon for and I recently bought the Echo assuming I could link together and hear the same music in different rooms. Unfortunately this does not work and I am now told I will have to pay yet another additional subscription to hear music from the Echo. It was a waste of time buying.


  Have not found this item useful


  Is ok as a novelty but that start to wear away as fast as your patience once you discover that it can barely play a correct song. It loses connections more times that it works. Doesn't understand simple instructions while all the time is recording every word said. AVOID! AVOID! AVOID!


  turned on okay, sound great, downloaded the app on my phone, again great, BUT cant work echo from echo!  got to alexa on my phone, when i really wanted to use alexa on the echo dot,  tried six or seven times but the same result, so my echo dot is put aside till i think of what to do with it, im really sorry i bought it.


  it should be made clear that to use the echo dot you have to have a smartphone ,my mobile is a basic phone no whistle or bells so cant set it up, looks like someone with a smartphone is going to get a late Christmas pressie. that's the trouble now amazon seems to think everyone has a smartphone


  Currently the device is refusing to connect to any WiFi networks, I’ve read through the setup manual multiple times as well as all the other leaflets that come with it and there’s no help in any of them. I’ve tried about 6-7 times to connect it but it just won’t.


  Far too early for me to review the product.I don’t want it to keep asking me to sign up to a monthly subscription.


  Very crackly sounding, alexa barely picks up my voice and i have to repeatedly ask for the same thing. Struggles to connect to any device and keeps making random unrecognised noises.


  I did not buy a eco dot I’m not to sure why I got sent a email to ask me to review it


  Alexa didn’t know Stings version of “spread a little happiness “it might be goo for music since the millennium but not for us older people.She did not know of Gilbert and Sullivan either, however she did know Dylan Thomas.


  The echo dot I bought in November has been broken since February this year. And amazon refuse to sort this. It won’t play anything online correctly, without cutting out. I know it’s not a WiFi issue, as I have the echo and this works fine.


  The actual app to set this up only works on certain phones. I moved house and now have a phone which doesnt allow the downloading of the app so it is now useless


  Sadly this echo dot will not download skills. The sound quality is also poor. Go for the echo might be better quality. Have returned the dot.


  Hi bought this for a gift , it worked for 2 week , now it won’t connect to internet. Bought 2 and the other one is ok.


  Only any good if you prepared to spend extra money signing up for Amazon extras.


  I felt cheated on buying this item. It was my second Echo Dot which was to go in the bedroom. It was not until after being purchased that I find the monthly rate for Amazon music is £14.99 when you have 2 as opposed to £3.99 for 1.This Echo Dot now remains unused although I do use the plug and transfer the kitchen Echo Dot upstairs when I need to.


  Does not connect to my wifi, tried everything and still doesnt work, ive missed the window of return because i packed it away because it was so frustrating


  Poor quality sound. My unit suffered from intermittent "hissing" interference and occasional vibration of the speaker. Not acceptable. On reading of others having sound quality issues I have returned it and opted for a refund as replacement is quoted as late January, over 6 weeks away. The product has been removed for immediate delivery so possibly there are early production quality issues.


  Received as a gift, not sure how I will use it as I do not subscribe to amazon music or any other that it seems to want to sign me up for.


  completely pointless if routines don't even work, which they don't


  In regards to the voice recognition very poor.Doesn’t always answer correctly!I have set up amazon music and won’t configure correctly!Dissatisfied


  Not to be trusted


  i am very disappointed with Alexa as she suddenly stopped working and only shows a red light when you ask her a question or command and says ' i am having trouble understanding at the moment.i ordered through Amazon and would like a refund or replacement


  It arrived some weeks arfter we had Hive installed as part of the hive deal and recommend by British Gas to help us control the hive system with voice commands all I can say is we tried a lot to get it to work as recommended with the hive system but I’m sad to say it has been put back in it box and relegated to a dark corner never to see the light of day again


  Brought this after announcement that Apple Music will be comming to Alexa, only today it was clairified this is a USA only addition like many other Alexa updates. Not all, very few advertised fetures work in the UK


  Only had this item one week & it will not connect to the WiFi, contacted my provider & they have said my WiFi is All OK.


  Just a warning, if like myself you buy any item as part of Amazon's Prime day deals and the item you buy is faulty as was the case for the echo dot I purchased then they won't replace it and you have to then buy a new one at full price. Totally unfair and immoral, shame on you Amazon.  You think Amazon would treat their Prime customers better.


  The sound sound quality is appalling. Our first alexa either 1st or 2nd generation is 100% better!!


  I’m very disappointed in the echo dot to be quite honest , it barely picks up what I’m saying even when shouting and the speaker quality is just awful , it’s the worst speaker I own it went back in the box after two weeks and will most likely stay there for the rest of my life


  I bought this for a christmas present for my mam, we cannot connect it and we cannot find out why it will not connect, she has wifi , what are we doing wrong, she does not have a smart phone but has a samsung tablet, very puzzling, can anyone throw any light on it, very baffling.


  pointless, useless , with really poor quality sound. Try making a phone call with it, hahaha, sound quality is something from a 1980s airport, completely illegible


  Only brought it at Christmas and now it’s stopped working it will respond to your instruction then cut out ! No response from amazon regarding this either


  What have happened to Alexa voice , it have been changed and it’s very annoyingCan someone please get back to me with answer how to change her voice as I will not be using Alexa with current voice


  dont bother with alexa, does not reconise any voice commands, does not even create a correct list. If anyone wants brandnew echo and echo dot 3, please collect this pile  of rubbish. save your money.


  Most requirements for information need the purchase of apps/packages from Amazon


  I want a refund as furious to find that Alexa record my conversation WITHOUT my consent and want my money back! This will be going in the bin as don’t want it to fall in to someone else’s hand to have their privacy in their own home abused!! Absolute shock!!!


  The adapter sent with this is not compatible with British electrical sockets. Instead of a 3 pronged plug we got an adapter with two flat prongs. I’ve never seen one of these before so I haven’t been able to use my Echo


  Really glad I bought this product. Getting so much use from it. Alarm sleep sounds radio weather forecast traffic info etc. So much to use it for and nothing complicated to set up either (I’m useless with technology). Still a lot to learn to enable it to do more for me. Lots of fun x


  Not heard it as will not merge with my Samsung and cannot get it to keep its fix with internet and will not merge with any other internet


  I bought this product about a month ago and i am extremely disappointed, i have to say ‘Alexa’ at least 4 times before it recognises my voice and it will suddenly play random songs without me saying anything. I would not recommend this product and i am extremely disappointed.


  Bought this to listen to BBC radio via the sounds skill. Didn't work, for example 'Alexa ask the BBC to play radio2' response 'here's radio something America from tune in'. The earlier echo still plays bbc radio OK. It also has an annoying American accent. It has been returned for a refund. Technology gone backwards.


  I've just given mine awayALEXA  did my head in.ALEXA  please learn to recognize my voice.


  Would have to pay for to put my iTunes on to Alexa which I find is wrong as I have already paid for them and £9.99 a month is not worth it


  Produced worked initially buy after 5 weeks  it stopped responding to requests for my radio stations, with the reply “I’m sorry, something seems to have gone wrong!” Sure has. My attempts to contact customer service have failed so hence this review.


  Supposed to smart, shes not that  clever and now she is back at Amazon hq. Rubbish


  It wont connect to our wifi our Alexa does but the echo dot wont  I would like to give it no stars but that's no an available option


  Did everything possible to find a solution but failed and its a big frustration... Once it plays a selected song on spotify, there is no way it will listen for a new song requests and keeps on playing the previous song!! We tried rebooting, switching accounts and all, nothing works!


  Alexa keeps going dead _ listening to the radio and after a few minutes it stops - sometimes it stops straightaway then another time it stays on for hours cant work it out very frustrating especially when it stops in the middle of The Archers!!! Any one got any suggestions ?


  Terrible bassy muffled sound. The previous Alexa was better for sound quality. Otherwise very good.


  once I connected all cable also connected my mac the voice was there unable to answer questions properly.


  I had three in all and could not get any of them to work so very disappointed


  Bought this as a second device to have in the house. But discovered you can't stream music from more than one device at a time. Where does it say this in the Amazon adverts?Considering asking for a refund this is an absolute rip off. Already paying for prime but still can't stream just 2 devices.


  Not impressed. All i get is "I don't know that one!!


  All she says I dont know that! or what alarm would you like to select?.  Nomatter what you ask her.  I bought my daughter the gray dot and that is fine she answers everything and does what we ask.


  Don’t like this product , thought I could get music on dot the same as I can on Alexa but it seem not without paying an extra large amount of money per month .I’m not prepared to pay the extra large increase . Not informed of this when ordering . May return it as not of any use to me this way


  I have bought 2 for my children who are in desperate rooms but one cancels the other out so we are very disappointed in this.


  Very muffled sound, I've got 2 of the previous version and the sound is clearly better !!!!!


  this product was half price a week after i perched oneVery disappointed prime customer


  Very missleading got two for the children in there rooms to go with our family Alexa.You can't play them independently unless you pay a £14.99 monthly subscription. Nowhere on Amazons page does it say this feel total misled and total mismarking from amazon. Now left with 3 devices that are useless.


  It’s driving me crazy as it won’t do what it’s supposed to. Have been on the phone a few times and still waiting for s call back


  it's a load of load of rubbish recognising voices if you are not very clear speaking.


  I ordered this Alexa together with the Phillips Hue/hub set on 21st November.  This was a present for my husband for Christmas.  The Alexa is fine, but the rest was delayed until 18th January.  Now I get notified theres a delay again!!!  Come on!  2 months since the original order, it's getting a bit ridiculous!!  Advise asap


  The speaker sounded very crackly and it sounds like the magnets are broken inside because the bass is terrible.


  I wanted to play my iTunes playlists on it. Have not managed to do so.  I did not understand what it would not do before purchase.  Am just using it to tell weather, time and jokes to grandchildren. A bit of a waste.


  Don’t buy! Blooming rubbish product!


  Frustrating at best. Plays two songs then stops everytime.


  Hasn't a clue what we re saying most of the time


  I was given this product as a Christmas present. I spent most of Christmas Day trying to set it up and it kicked me out every time I got to connecting it to the WiFi. It would start to connect and then say set up mode has been turned off, please try again. I've had to have it sent back for a switch.


  Only works part time haha never finds what your after


  costs me each month for restricted music. Every extra you want seems to cost more. I bought it for music thinking I would get most stuff on the basic payment. hardly any of my songs on it. Keeps asking me to upgrade for another £4 per month.No thanks. Expensive for what it is.


  Afrer taking 2 hours to connect the device claimed it was paired and ready to work. It will answer one question, but on the second it's goes red and won't respond.  If you turn it off and on it does the same over and over.  Really disappointed my daughter at Xmas. Won't buy another.


  My first one was a dream. The second one I ordered has been a complete nightmare and a right Pfaff to set up. Would not recommend. Not as easy as they make it seem.


  Connectivity is very complicated( not more than 1 device and or wifi network and most importantly cant play music without wifi) Restrictions to music platforms, basically cant play your own music unless a paid subscription so you'll end up paying for the rest of your life. LET DOWN!


  Did get this to play music mainly withing the first use, there is vibration while the song is on, and not even on loud have to play it on volume 2 and even then still has some vibration on some songs and while alexa is talking


  I would like it if it had been delivered. It said on amazon it was handed to me well he must be good as I was at work.


  Because I’m Scottish and disabled I’ve found the app a total mind field..it’s slow on opening to page. I’ve got other apps that are working fine. Alexa worked for about two seconds with my voice. Wish I hadn’t bought it. I also can’t return cos I’m house bound


  Unfortunately my Amazon Echo keeps loosing it settings. I would love it to work well but when you have to reintroduce the iPad with the setting procedures to get it started again you loose enthusiasm. So far we must have reset it ar least five times - what a shame!!!


  Asked to review an item that didn't arrive


  Very disappointed! I was under the impression that apart from the voice recognition the Echo Dot would sync as a third speaker with my Sonos system. Unfortunately it doesn't!


  The sound quality on my device is dreadful. Speech is hissing and music distorted. Not sure my device is faulty or this is a problem on all of these. I have 3 previous versions and not noticed the same issue


  I have really good internet and despite working well initially it is continuously getting the wrong music or radio programme. Frustrated.


  Took it back, couldn't  connect to my wifi.  had 3 young IT minded people who have them, they still couldn't get it to work got in touch with my provider and they said there was nothing wrong with my connection so took it back to the shop where I bought it and got my money back.


  To be honest was very frustrating to use as when said Alexa not clear enough never worked so quicker just to press a switch ,bit too loud


  I’ve no idea if this product is good or not, trying to set up with customer care is a nightmare due to not being able to set up through the app,,, returning product and going with google


  Does everything you ask, was not aware of additional monthly subscription to play specific songs this is £5 per month


  Every time my laptop reproduces a sound, continues playing every YouTube, video, film, evening don't want to! So if you have it connected to your laptop and you get a notification and you have Netflix paused it will play it on its own


  Item supplied was talking in Spanish hence I can not sset it up! It sits useless plugged in  on my desk glaring at me , saying"You silly fool being parted from your money" Might have known it was too cheap to be any good.


  Load of rubbish. Communicates with firetv even when disabled and amazon tech support can do nothing to solve it. Do not get if you have firetv stick as it will turn tour tv off if anyone asks it for anything


  Took ages to set up because it couldn’t recognise wi-fi. It’s not as simple as it should be! Difficult to access Radio stations , and when you do, goes into foreign language!! Lost interest with it at the moment, but I won’t give up!


  Cant get charge so is annoying that doesn't have a internal battery, also, it should work as a speaker, why have this and dont provide lots of options, I think They can improve this article, good present but i will not recommend it until they review and develope something more complete


  Had it replaced twice now very disappointing product


  Product was poor quality, started playing the speaker once and already started hearing crackling. This speak has no bass whatsoever. If you like you speaker on low volume and no bass this is the speaker for you. If not I recommend Zamkol speakers instead very affordable too.


  Disappointed with product as only had it since Christmas and already broken , spent over an hour on phone with amazon trying to fix it and eventually offered a replacement which is arriving today . Feel a little let down with amazon as I normally purchase a lot from you.


  I did not order this product so unable to pass comment


  I have yet to find an actual use for this thing. I guess it would be good as a bluetooth speaker, but I don't need one of those. As for the Alexa side of things, it's more of a gimmick really; a party trick of sorts.


  Has an electrical short and keeps cutting out


  Spent an hour trying to set this up-impossible. Waste of time. Going back asap.


  Did pair up and when it did it took so long to workI think it was faulty


  Brought out of interest, the product a disappointment, bored of it already. But it does have fantastic sound quality. Wish I'd never bothered.


  Gone all fuzzy after few months


  despite having a good technical knowledge and despite following all the instructions including the troubleshooting and support advice I could not get device to work on my wireless network.


  I tried all sorts of different approaches but it didn't even connect. This speaker is a piece of junk.


  Very hit and miss. (I do not understand at the moment. Please try again later) We have this all the time. Very frustrating. Won’t switch off at times, so we have to unplug and try to start again. My son set it up using his Amazon prime account so we thought we could sit back and enjoy!!


  Awful , spent 4 hours with customer services trying to marry the device up with WiFi ,requested a return , another nightmare unless ur in rocket science !!!!!!!Got a replacement, paired it up straight away no problem.Trying a return is an entirely different story !!!!Buyer beware .


  totally unnecessary item only sold to extract money out of people


  Really really irritating and a total waste of money.  No decent product/service support.AND this is WITH paying for Amazon music monthly. Which I will cancel.


  No comment as I did not buy this item


  Really good


  The speaker very law quality and has woozy  noise


  HAD HIGH EXPECTATIONS BUT KEEPS BREAKING UP, POOR SOUND QUALITY DOUS NOT FIND HALF THINGS ASKED FOR. MAYBE FAULTY NOT SURE, NO GUARENTEE OR INSTRUCTIONS FOR RETURN SO STUCK WITHIT,


  Sound quality is terrible as the unit was obviously dropped before I received it, amazon refused to send another until I posted this one back and I am unable to get to the post office to do this so just have to put up with it


  Its not really good, cant play music without monthly subscription. I would say its for kids only.


  Don’t know how I managed before I got it.  Absolutely brilliant 


  To expensive to get amazon music


  If I could choose zero stars, I would!  Within 45 minutes Alexa was back on a slow boat to China. No comms with iPhone, required to pay for Spotify etc.  And by the time and money I would have spent buying devices to switch the lights on and off, I would be in my grave!  As a buffering, poor quality radio that listens to your every word, it’s perfect, but not for me!


  Speaker has stopped working as well


  You have to keep repeating certain things befor / or if it gets it right


  When I ordered the echo dot I read up on it and nowhere did it say that I would need prime or Amazon unlimited to use it. It implied that I could get Amazon music just by buying this device. So to get any music I have now had to subscribe to prime at £7.99 per month. Asking around I find that I am not the only person that has been mislead.


  Didn’t work..called customer services 3 times..from 3/12/19 till 16/12/19 to be eventually told I would get a free replacement..it’s not free as I already paid for the original 1 witch must be returned..poor customer service from amazon,even worse considering it’s their own product..


  Did not buy this item from Amazon!!


  This thing whipped my phone and computer


  very upset as now i am also stuck with amazon music at £15.99 as i had echo and music in one package for £25.98.i would like a full refund please.used goods sold as new i gave as present to be alarmed at this unit.


  Not very clever I think google is better


  This is the worst product I have ever bought better off buying a half dead donkey


  Absolutely awful sound, 2nd gen was a lot clearer and better sound quality.Also it can't even respond when I'm sat right next to it in a quiet room.


  It won't play the music i request unless i pay more money per month which is a rip-off.


  never worked, other than to say "Sorry i'm having trouble understanding at the moment please try again later" again and again. App is on phone.


  Dosent work properly


  Very disappointed with this Echo Dot.We have an Echo Show which is excellent, but the Dot will not stay connected to the Internet.I have requested a replacement but keep being asked to contact Amazon, but can't get past their automated systems.


  Can not use it


  Disappointed in the sound quality definitely, compared to Echo - well, there is no comparison.The integration with Spotify was awful too


  alexa cannot keep an internet connection. I have phoned my provider and they have made changes to my modem. I wait to see if this is ok. I got the free 6 months spotify with my alexa purchase and this still does not work. Not impressed. would not recommend to anyone.


  Never got of yous


  - goes to US answers not UK e.g. what broadcasters show what sports game- cant voice activate spotify through my sonos ( I have to open everything on my phone first)- cant tell me where 'my nearest is'- cant integrate with my dyson- doesnt recgonise my voice commands- has to always be plugged in


  Nothing against product but understood I could link to my already echo plus to listen to music upstairs, wasn’t aware would have to upgrade music instalment at all and even more by 150% £4 to £10  made a fool out of me !


  Google is far better... disappointed


  Ordered two of these, live in uk, sent from the uk, have American power cables with them so not been able to use. They were birthday presents. Power cable is approx £17 to buy for each one. Waste of money. Very disappointed. Returning them tomorrow.


  Received this in Jan 2019, didn't use for a couple of months, yesterday the Alexa stopped responding, Amazon does not have the option of returning it,  quite poor that a product like this will not even last 2 years


  It never understands my voice. Sometimes it doesn’t pick my voice up whatsoever. It add incorrect items to the shopping list. It doesn’t play my Spotify playlist or allow me to choose what song I want to play next. It will only play one song at a time.


  No idea why I bought this, must have been drunk.


  NEVER ARRIVED - What a waste of money!!!


  I cant set it up and have no help so its back in its box


  We love Alexa in our family, but we are on our third one.  The first got wet and stopped working (our fault) the second turned itself off after 2 minutes play despite multiple reboots, and the third is working ok - fingers crossed it stays working!


  I keep trying to get my Echo to read from my Amazon Audible but it can't or won't pick it up.It's been a waste of money so far.I have also purchased one for my sister, I hope she has better luck than me with hers.


  It answers few questions and guesses a lot quite frustrating. It cuts you off half way through a question.  I am currently awaiting delivery of the Google version, I m sure it knows more!


  I had better expectations I really want to get a refund and return this product I’m not a fan of it if you respect my decision you would take this into consideration it’s not pairing Bluetooth with my phone it’s fauli


  I have a 1st generation echo which is brilliant however this new updated model is very poor and still after 2 weeks is not picking up very much. I also brought in the package 2 light bulbs which still haven’t connected to it.  I’m ver disappointed


  Never bought one !!!!!


  Ongoing issues for 2 years now of music stop playing after 1 song. They can't even get the basics right. I'm moving to HomePod.


  Said that it was hand delivered to customer at 9.54 last night but I was in bed so I don’t know how this is possible!


  Really disappointed to find that not even a year old and my Alexandria sound is awful - really muffled and distorted!!Unfortunately I don’t have packing to return the item - please could you contact me and advise. Many thanks


  My speaker is broken and crackly and I've only had it just under 2 months. Alexa is quite unresponsive too.


  I can’t review as I have never had one of these only the full size one


  Absolutely terrible product.  App is not at all intuitive to set the thing up.  Voice recognition is poor to the point of being annoying.  Really want to take a hammer to it sometimes.


  Spent 6 hours, typing in password after password. 100% I have the right passwords and user names, this product just won't set up. I have a degree in computing, and this thing needs password after user name after password, and still doesn't set up. I hat this product ! Why so many accounts and passwords, its not easy to set up.


  purchased the echo deal with 3 months free trial of amazon and typical per amazon the email doesnt arrive! chat support offer a refund but after 40 minutes of back and forth.. the app is also TERRIBLE. Typical poor customer service from amazon


  slow to respond and mostly answers it doesn’t know at this time.doesn’t respond when playing musicdoesn’t not respond when the alarm is going off. neither can it tell u how to switch off the alarm !!


  I am not happy with this


  Had to send it back as they don’t work properly and it was all in German and could not get it in English


  Absolutely rubbish! Hasn't worked properly for almost two months and do you think I could talk to someone about it... Not a chance but amazon are quick enough taking my money


  Have spent 3 hours just trying to get this setup and despite rebooting and reconnecting everything multiple times, absolutely no joy


  It does the job but it's not as good as one of the bigger Alexa'sTried to use as a second speaker but for some reason it can't play six music on both Alexa's at the same time, will play other stations but not bbc six music on two devices at the same time.


  Doesn’t do anything you ask - the amount of times I have heard ‘sorry I am having Difficulty processing’ is ridiculous! And the fact you can’t simply link your phone or other device to it via Bluetooth absolutely baffles me! Crap product, returned


  I have been promised by your echo customer service twice that they would phone however I have still not recieved help and the stupid thing does not work


  It's great fun and response well nothing negatively say about it


  Can't feed the dog or the cat. Can't find a use for it.


  I’ve not yet had chance to open the product to check it but I wanted it noting that it had been thrown over the high gate at the side of the house. It’s a present so won’t open it fully anyway. Hopefully it is all in tact. In future please do not throw items over the gate.


  Setting it up was not easy using Alexia App and eventually when I did get it paired to iOS device, it keep cutting out ( this was due to very poor WiFi at my parents house)....Amazon have a huge market here for the elderly and the young but they need to simplify complexity and just make Alexa....better!


  The device won't connect to Spotify in any way except Bluetooth with a mobile device. Complete defeats the point in having it as that is all I wanted it for, very unsatisfied.


  Unfortunately when purchased echo dot for the bedroom, (I av another for downstairs) I didn’t realise that you have to upgrade music unlimited from £3.99 to £9.99 a month.  This is not made clear on the box and I wouldn’t av bought if I’d av known.  What a shame Amazon!!!


  Terrible voice recognition. Buy google instead


  never buying from this again, the second replacement even came not functioning as it should and lightly damaged asif it has been opened beforehand, I am not paying for the replacement as asked to :|


  Xmas gift from my daughter. Couldn’t get it to work. She has made a complaint without a satisfactory response. SHe will not be shopping with you again. YOUR LOSS. She has previously spent a lot of money at Amazon and been a very good customer.


  I purchased this for my daughter and it has stopped working after only 16 months. I think this is way too short a life for a product such as this


  I bought this item at the beginning of March 2019.  It is no longer working and is just out of warranty.  No complaints about it while it was working but wondering if this is normal for them to only last just over a year or have I been unlucky.


  Keeps saying the Wifi code isn’t correct when it’s the same wifi code and password for every single other device in the house.Plus it tries to play music on Amazon even after setting it to apple.


  It took me 2 hours to figure out then another 1 1/2 hours of Amazon trouble shooters who suggested sending it back and change it. I took it back to currys and changed it for google mininest and within 3 minutes  it was up an working.


  Extremely difficult to set up


  Didnt get this item and i never signed for it


  problems with unit from day one,  delivered on 5th sept.  must be returned by 6th oct.  Which  is a one month guarantee  Never heard of that before, very disgruntled.


  cant use not happy


  Can’t get it to pair up with echo plus all I can use it for is music!


  not good with BT  board band unable to get it to work dot like command


  This product was not fit for purpose as the dot i purchased did not fit and the one you need is no longer available


  Sent back


  Hiya, im from belfast and my alexa dosent really recognise me all that well; so for example if i say ring me a taxi to caffs she dosent understand which im so confused about cus a native belfastian knows all about caffs, so is alexa discriminating against me.


  Impossible to link to spotify account (premium) supposed to be 3 easy steps but have wasted hours trying to set up & keep going round in circles. Keeps defaulting to Amazon music. Constantly having to sign into account when have selected to stay signed in. Not impressed & wouldn't waste my money.


  When I can get them to work ( I purchased two) alongside my  Alexa echo I will review again.


  Sound Quality was Crackling when I put the Volume anything above 15% which I don't think is Satisfactory.Also tried to get a Replacement and It was basically a Loop Hole of not being able to Contact anyone.


  I never purchase one


  Sadly the sound on the new Echo Dot is very wooly and Alexa does not hear your commands whilst you are listening to media such as talking books etc.  2nd Gen Dot is a better product apart from the looks!


  Terrible product. Supposed to be simple and easy to install. Doesn't recognise my wifi connection at all keeps trying to connect during set up but fails miserably. A wasted hour on something that should take less than 5 minutes at most


  Absolute load of rubbish worst thing I've ever brought do not reccomend. Waste of money hardly ever understands you and hardly knows any songs plus you play 3.99 or 7.99 a month and can only listen to one device at a time load of rubbish


  The device just would not connect to the WiFi and I even did the procedure with the help of customer support. Truly disappointing as it put me off any echo products.


  She is stupid.


  Doesn’t pick up what is being said.Won’t save the locations for the weather


  Wouldn’t connect to the internet, sent it back and received another one and the same wouldn’t connect to the internet. I had the app on my phone that worked fine, so sent it back and got my money back.


  Did not work Amazon's technicians could not get it working they got so fed up in the end they said keep the  Alexa dot and will give you a full refund


  It just didn’t meet our expectations was expecting so much more it struggles to access the internet and even though I’ve signed up to amazon music it still fails DAILY I really wanted to buy these devices for my 2 kids for Christmas as I’d heard really good reviews 


  Had these a while now and a show, very disappointed.They just are not smart enough to the point of playing music is all they are any good for.


  ! cannot use Amazon Echo Dot because I have no Wi Fi in my area, and the Alexa app is not compatible withmy Samsung phone . You will not allow me to download the app onto my computer. Any ideas?


  Great product. Ruined experience by price dropping 20 quid day after it arrived!!!


  I couldn't connect.


  I am most unhappy with this product; I can't seem to connect it to my wi-fi !!


  I liked everything when it worked. But now it doesn't work.


  Dreadful .. American accent and never understands what I’m asking.  Don’t bother getting one thought it would be English accent that actually plays what I ask


  the fact that it doesn't come with a smart plug so you can try it out in the home and that the plugs them selves are so expensive for each one. you would have to leave your electricals turned on for alexa to work wasting your energy supply


  Loved my older Echo dot. This is a backward step. I am about to return it and replace it with the older version. Amazon what are you doing?


  not informed that if you have more than one of these that you need to increase your monthly subscription to get full use from any you have in addition to the main one.


  I bought this as a Xmas gift for one of my children it’s now February and the sound is already distorted. I thought it would have a 12 month Warrenty apparently I was wrong


  I bought this as my sister had one!I recently opened the box after receiving a week ago and the voice of the Alexa is very scratchy and cut out a lot of words when saying things I would like to know why is this.


  Why does it not have an integrated rechargeable battery so you can move around the house.  I have a bluetooth speaker which I use instead.  Everything else is very good.  But your design team needs to be let go.


  I think it a load of rubish I would like to have had a google  I am going to pay £4 a month  I ask it to play radio 2  but she does not do it so I am fed up  Keep talking no response  so I do not think I will be paying xf


  Doesn’t do as I wanted it to do, won’t connect to my Sony Bluetooth speaker.


  When I ask music to be turned down it go’s higher not Impressed with the product at all


  Bought one for a Christmas gift and it's not working, won't connect to Wi-Fi, waiting on a replacement,  was told I'm the 3rd caller today eith a faulty 3rd generation dot. Hope the new one is working.


  It's ok just sound goes funny after a whileAnd she does not under stand commandsNot really useable


  Terrible product. Difficult to set, keep getting annoying "your marketplace not configured correctly for this device". On the first attempt to make it working it wouldnt even listen to commands. Really overrated product.


  This product is completely crap. Just listens what it feels like listening. I kept on shouting 'Alexa' and it didn't respond until I switched it of and then on. Does not have any free songs. The product and services are a complete crap.


  This amazon dot is in French we have tried every way to change it but cannott really need help or else have to send back


  Bought this and worked brilliantly, i never have it playing at full volume however all of a sudden it now sounds as if the speaker has blown in it! Rubbish sound coming from it. Can anyone help?


  Echo Dot is ok for an alarm clock, but for anything else a waste of time. Amazon biased so don't try and shop else where, won't let you. After seeing the Google mini performance, I have to admit I have made a mistake with this purchase.


  RubbishMore annoying then a littlePlus point not a bad speaker if you can get the music to actually play


  Should have got google as it lets u play music without paying for it and these are selected songs , on amazon u can’t select song without using the monthly membership also amazons always asking you to subscribe when u ask for something


  It’s now fallen into two pieces and Amazon are refusing to replace or refund. Really not happy


  To hard to set up.


  after purchasing echo dot with 30 days free trial of amazon music unlimited it will not let me pay for a monthly account of 3.99 even though they have my bank details It is very frustrating as i cannot contact anyone


  Not impressed , when asked sensible questions , it doesn't have an answer !


  Was a bit gutted ya can’t listen to different music in different rooms of the house and will not recognise my little girls name!!! Bit of a let down as I now have one in every room of the house


  pretty useless if you don't have an amazon prime music account , alexa seems to struggle to understand lots of sentences and requests but has no problems  understanding  everything when ordering from amazon


  Won’t let me connect to WiFi, even with the help of an assistant from amazon, rendering it completely useless, unsure if I can even return ! Wasted money


  Great little speaker for the money &  nice bit of bass shame it’s only lasted a month because the speaker is  now crackling


  not told before buying about add ons


  I bought 2 Echo dots, both stopped working completely after a year. No end of issues with it during that time. The token response to any command is 'hmn, i don't know that one'.


  Sound quality isn’t good at all, also stopped working after a few days. Hasn’t worked for 3+ days at this point and honestly don’t care as I have the Google Nest Mini which is far far better


  I  spoke to your operative by text and said I haven't got an echo dot or alexa !! so has someone used my account to buy one? please ring me back a.s.a.p


  Theres something wrong with this when in its crackling like a buzzing in the background can i change it please


  Waste of money,  no real use / or benefit.


  Bought this for my son, which didnt work so he gave it to my daughter which also didnt work. Tried on both Samsung AND iphone. £50 out of picket for Christmas  More importantly, my kids were let down.


  mine doesn’t give me any english radio stations!!!


  This is completely useless. It only responds occasionally! will be returning.


  Unfortunately, this gadget is total rubbish, utter waste of money because it won't work in conjunction with my android phone. Issues of connectivity should have been put up front in the advertising.


  I have a very sad boy here because your product is not working it was a christmas gift for him


  Worse device ever, it’s poor build quality and lack of sound for such a tiny speaker


  Never received it


  Every time I use setup mode, it crashes after few seconds and then restarts.


  It doesn't work very well.  I ask it for radio 4 and radio 5 and end up with some American Radio stations.It's messed up my Spotify account so now I can't use it through Sonos so it's a complete waste of time.


  Extremely annoying that this can't play BBC Radio, or any BBC Sounds Podcasts... basically completely useless for what I want and I wish this had been made clear!


  Can't even tell you how good or bad it is as it simply just sits there with a spinning light. Set up a google mini in no time at all but these two paper weight echo's will be going back if this is not resolved.


  This is a brilliant device, if your like me that wants to play music or ask about the weather or set an alarm for work in the mornings then it is defiantly worth the purchase


  dot good but no information to tell how to link to your account


  I got one for upstairs one for down they don’t tell you carnt link them together try selling you two packages it’s a joke save with amazon tv got that most of films you have pay for get nothing free of amazon


  Keeps going off and sometimes Will not respond


  Could not get Echo Dot to set up - repetaed same messages in a variety of languages - received error messages through app but Help/FAQ gave no assistance. Could not return item either as returns process requires QR code for post office/courier which was not provided. £25 wasted!


  Just spent 3 hours trying to download Alexa app to Android 5.1 phone and it says its not supported. Complete crap. Now lumbered with a device I don't know what the hell to do with


  Was initially impressed with it but after 6 months of light use it has started crackling when playing music. Very dissappointed and will be returning it.


  Never does what its told to doSpoke to Amazon and got nowhere


  Couldn't set this up at all. Kept going back to the "set-up wi-fi" page on the Alexa app. I'm not wasting anymore time on this piece of garbage.


  Saw this product as part of the Black Friday promotion and for £20 thought why not?  I'm aware that there are more sophisticated models but this does what it says on the tin.  Total satisfaction


  Echo dot seems unable to connect to BBC radio 1/2/3/4 I have BBC account but every request to ask BBC to provide these stations draws a blank from Alexa, very disappointing.


  It did not work. Have bought two others that are great.


  Seems hit and miss


  It's kinda bad and annoying I keep it unplugged because of its uselessness, I'm trying to sell it. I really wanted one before but I wish I didn't waste my money.


  Very dissapointed with this. Failed to pair any device via bluetooth including the hue bulbs that came with the offer. No amount of troubleshooting or help centre could sort the issue.


  Not very loud when playing music doesn’t always do what you ask it to do and don’t want to upset my friend that brought it for me to either send it back or ask for the receipt


  Absolutely rubbish, when I have radio or my music on it keeps jumping back 30-40 seconds and repeats itself. It's a nightmare and very frustrating.


  Love this but sound is awful very muffled


  You know contain adverts? You are getting so annoying would i recommend no


  Bought this to replace a google home mini, no where near as good, really struggles to pick up my voice, even from a foot away, ask it to play Deftones, it plays def leopard, the sound from the speaker is very poor and quiet


  Stop working after a few weeks


  Broke by second month in use


  Difficult to use and unable to recognize my voice.  Failed to connect Spotify.


  stopped Working after Just over 12 months amazon offered 15%  off a replacement which equates to £3.75Really disappointed with customer service,


  cant get bbc radio anymore and bbc app not working !!!what the hell is going on???HELP


  Not very happy with this product whatsoever nose literally nothing should have gone for the Google home Mini.


  I got this set up it finally connected to my WiFi but every time I ask it to play something it only plays Spanish radio 2 no matter what I ask got fed up with it and put it back in the box.


  Never worked on my TV very disappointed


  I use a block Wifi (public wifi). My device refuses to connect to the wifi and when I got through to customer service i was informed it doesn't always work with public wifi so the device is useless to me.


  Not a clue what it is or what it is meant to do?


  Alexa did not recognise a lot of commands.Sound quality wasn’t the best as it was distorted


  Wouldn’t work. Returned.


  Playing music and radio


  Sometimes it works, sometime it’s unresponsive! Spotify never works


  Every single morning we get the flashing red ring and the “I’m having a little trouble understanding right now” message. I’ve tried resets and nothing seems to improve. A tad annoying as the other echo dot we have performs well.


  Downloaded and paid for the arek app ( required to control the device and since have not been able to login to the device via the app... nothing works !! But they took the money. No response from amazon (arek) customer support. No phone numbers / no response / no replies. not happy !


  Easy to set up, arrived so quickly


  Doesn’t understand what you saying most of the time. I got it as a present, I really wanted one but defo wouldn’t of brought one had I known it was such load rubbish.


  Not a wide enough repertoire and having to pay for a significant proportion of the music on offer.


  Terrible


  I kept having to repeat myself as Alexa did not make the difference between c and p. The music I wanted to listen to was not available. Alexa would turn on without me calling it.


  RE my headline , this is the first thing you should know about any item you order from the internet , as mine was faulty when I received it , and I had to send it back and get my money back , now I am without an echo dot 3rd generation  .


  Not good as Google mini ,when we try to search any thing it will reply something.you didn't get proper train timings.In Google mini you will get exact time.you can use this as a voice control alarm or a led lamp


  Followed instructions on app, many, many times, would not connect, 2 hours of my life wasted. Sent back, customer service on return great though.


  Apart from turning on my Philip's Hue lights, the Dot 3 Fails to understand me on so many occasions.


  Cannot answer most questions. When it does sometimes it's wrong or it's the answer to something entirely different. It's most common answer is " I don't know  that ".


  It doesnt understand many functions, and most it will ask to subscribe to for so much a month......cant use your phone library or youtube integration.....was disappointed by it.


  Buy multi room echo speakers, etc then find out required to pay £9.99 a month subscription to utilise multi room functionality. RIP off. Anyone else found amazon website crashes when try to cancel amazon music subscription, 7 attempts now over last week


  No anyone mentioned for the alexa app is available for few countries. I could not use it till now amd decided how useless is it


  Its a christmas present


  It's rubbish, if you want to hear a certain song you have to pay for it otherwise they give you a bootleg version, also amazon put me on their free month trial without my permission, even alexia hassles you to sign up all the time


  A handy gadget to have.


  Can’t even play a YouTube video or any other audio app other than Spotify... what’s the point of it being a speaker if it can’t do those basic things ANY other speaker can do.


  What ever I did ..would not connect properly ...and dissapointed to read you need amazon prime  to listen to music !!Bought 2 ..one for a gift ..but decided after this experience to cancell order on both


  Have multiple echos for the family's bedrooms and even when changed settings, can only use one at a time they just cut each others out every time the turn them on


  Had this item under a year and also the large one both have completely stopped working in under 12 months... Orange like then nothing within a week of each other very strange.


  It asked me if I wanted the month free trial ,I said,it said welcome to your month free trial,how do I cancel that. I have unplugged it as it wasn’t listening to me when I said “ Alexa stop music.”


  a waste of space, the questions I may ask are totally banal. I have better uses for the socket its plugged into.


  could not recommend any Amazon product after the way i was spoken to by the customer service team.


  She just wasn't very smart, she couldn't answer my questions, but am on the spectrum so do take things quite literally sometimes.  And she had a very similar voice to Cortana, which really freaked me out!!


  does not know our location cant get bbc 2 radio


  Tried to pair it with my Alexa but could not and why do I have to pay another £9 when I'm already paying for my alexa


  i have no clue how to get the best out of this item. Tips would be appreciated although it seems that to get the best you must sign up for numerous packages at a monthly cost!


  Delivered to my neighbours bin good start


  spent 2 hours tonight trying to download everything the dot was shouting at me to download - I have 7 amazon devices and have been a regular customer for 10 years - given up - going to return it.  By the way I called customer services - they were more clueless than me


  Absolutely rubbish. Can set up different accounts for more the 1 person without issues. Waste of money gave it to the wife after 30mins of messing about with it


  Poor signal have tried it in various rooms and closer to wifi than other alexa devices but this does not want to work. Really frustating


  Have a few Alexas. This one turns off by itself, doesn’t respond to the commands and is completely dodgy. Cannot find anywhere to report this or find customer service. This is the only thing. Ridiculous


  I am still having problems setting your alexa up, rest assured that I have followed all the instructions via the alexa app. It wont connect to the Amazon wifi that it tells me to connect to as well as my own wifi. Please help


  I'm sorry to say, that I am disappointed with the Echo Dot.  I assumed it would be on par with the google mini, it is not.  It does not allow me to listen to the BBC radio stations; (apart from The World Service).  I barely use it.


  Problems connecting to smart TVs ,also did not say on adds that I had to join pay monthly music site's to here music.Sometimes I had shout to get Alexa to respond!


  Only worked for a few days now can't get it to work at all


  I've never purchased this ?


  The product looks amazing but the fact that staff keeps listening to all our conversations is definitely BAD. I disconnected it..


  I have tried countless times to connect my echo dot to the wifi. I have had people who own them come over and try and was still unsuccessfull. I even tried troubleshooting on the internet with no luck.Very disappointed


  Doesn't integrate with a Fire stick! Nor Xbox. The only thing it's worked with so far are some plugs and I had to disable 5Ghz on the router before they could see them, even though it says they should work on 2.4 and 5. At the moment I have an expensive plug switch


  Very disappointed with this product, didn`t realise it would cost more money just to make playlists etc, can only skip so many tracks unless you shell out for amazon unlimited, what a crock.


  Not as advanced I thought would not eeccomen


  my phone wont connect to alexa only play music through bluetooth very dissapointed done what amazon said to do and still doesnt work.were my 7 year olds christmas present im very very disappointed dont buy


  I received these and they didn’t workI’ve returned them and I’m still waiting to receive the money eu back into my account !


  HAVE NOT ORDERED OR PURCHASED IT!!! It’s not even in my wish list...


  ask it to play and she replies playing amazon list but its like listening to a jumpy record have to just turn it off after trying to listen to about 6 songs cant stand it any longer.


  I was given this as a presents, it's just not my cup of tea. It would be great for music, if you didn't have stream through Amazon prime, hence it becomes an expensive gift. Set it up, then was soon bored with it. Already passed onto someone else.


  When I ask for a radio station tell me don’t know that one then tells me here is some music I should listen too when I tell her to stop she ignores me I’m not happy with her at all but have no problem with my echo just with the dot


  Doesnt work. Wont connect to wifi.


  Cannot understand my accent.


  Very disappointed. It took nearly 45 mins to set up as it kept crashing.Wouldn't work once set up. Message kept appearing stating the system was running slow.


  I didnt order the Alexa.


  I ordered 3 echo dots, only one has arrived even though the status says received against my orders.  I have one echo dot but three children!  I paid for 3 but received 1!


  Well built, but practically useless. Comes in very handy if you haven’t got a watch! I got this echo dot free from British Gas, glad I never spent money on it.


  Very disappointing as could not get BBC Radio 2. Contacted Amazon and was told that Amazon and BBC are not comparable. No mention of this when bought so sent it back.


  don't waste your money


  Someone spent two and a half hrs trying to fix this up for me, who has done two b4 with no problems! You keep telling her there is a probwith my Internet, wi fi. There is No problem with it in my house.


  this was supposed to be the best sort of tech around,kept giving my address as living in america,very poor


  The product is still not working for me, cannot get it to connect to any our phones & I have all the correct amazon apps downloaded. Very disappointed.


  Can't seem to receive BBC Radio 4 - which is the only radio station I listen to. Not able to follow the instructions on line for enabling me to get it either. A £50 white elephant!


  Use it all the time. Radio, music, timer it's never ending what you can use this little Echo for! Great value for money !!!!


  Have an smart speaker with Alexa on ground floor which I love so decided to have a smaller one for my bedroom.  As yet I still can’t use it as have no idea whatsoever how to zinc it in with the other one. Can anyone help me?


  Absolutely shocking, acknowledges requests and does not carry them out


  Most of the time Alexa confused about command and give you wrong information.Very limited


  This was bought for my son by his auntie. Personally I can’t see the point in these and what a stupid society we have become, speaking to electronic gadgets. I can’t see how these things enhance our lives whatsoever.


  It’s rubbish . Refuses to play any bbc radio station saying ‘ not available in this device “She says that a lot .


  I set up my echo dot, asked it to play a song and half way through the song it went off and now I cant get it to work I have reset it , reset my internet, uninstalled the app and reinstalled it and nothing works


  It automatically entered in audio subscription I didn't even know till I checked my bank account also it listens in to your conversation breeches privacy rights so unplugged mine and threw it away


  cant listen to it on or above volume level 5 or it blows. dont know if mine was broken when i got it as i dont remember my brothers being bad.


  I've got 3 of these all round my home but this one the speaker is crackly


  Wasn't expecting it to not be spotify compatible.Disappointed as you need a premium package for spotify


  Does not connect with Bose Sound Dock MiniSeams to recognise voice ok, sound quality is ok.  Queries for News etc often fail, often fails to find / recognise music requests. not obvious how to override. Once it fails your stuck.


  Bought as a gift for In-Laws and none of it’s features are usable, doesn’t know answers to any questions asked and doesn’t play any music and radio stations are almost impossible to play! Just responds with ‘sorry, I don’t know that!’  Would give it less than a 1 star


  I can stream Youtube and videos to 3 devices simultaneously at home but the Echo dot can not play a radio station for more than 30 seconds without dropping out.  Will be returning it.


  I'm sooo dissapointed :( bought one in november, the speaker stopped working in a week. I returned it and i have been trying to buy a new one ever since... But it's always out of stock....


  Products ok’ish providing there’s no background noise if there is Alexa just feedbacks back rubbish random stuff.Had it as a free gift I would of sent it back if I’d of had to pay for it.


  Issues was with amazon and then lack of help in simply swapping the brand new but broken product for one that works. Only wanted to swap the process was convoluted and took 2 weeks and still couldn’t just exchange


  Christmas presentSpent the last 3 weeks trying to set up.Today contacted Amazon HelpNew Alexa Echo Dot being sent as a replacement


  Alexa listens to everything and answers questions in conversations with others in the room, without saying Alexa. So without being invited to answer the question. Makes me feel unsafe about what is being listened to recorded? In my house.  Love the music.


  Rubbish. Alexa not working right now. What a waste of a present to my mum for Christmas.


  I want to have this item replaced please


  not very good


  Did not order this item .


  I have 3 amazon echos and this so the worst one. When you ask Alexa for something it takes around 2 to 3 second to react and it keeps turning it self off for about 20 second and comes back on again playing the last song or station. Not great at all.


  Help...just cannot download Amazon Alexa, cannot get the echo dot 3 to work? Have Alexa on my smart tv no problem?


  I bought this for christmas but it couldn't off been more of a let down. This is the 3rd Dot ive ordered and each time it has not worked with an iphone as the software clashed with the iphone.Terrible product


  Worked fine for first couple weeks i thought it was brilliant now after 5minutes of any radio station or song playing the sound becomes muffled. Now left with only getting one song to listen to before the sound goes funny


  Received my echo dot today but  can't comment on performance as try as I might cannot connect to internet and that's after spending a hour or so with customer advisor, he could not do it either. HELP, any suggestions very welcome


  Another money making spin from the corporate fat cats... hardly any choice of music unless you PAY EXTRA...Just a glorified speaker... prefer the google nest


  Not really good.


  Keeps switching itself off mid sentence, none of the help pages/forum fixes are helping. Useless


  Purchased the echo dot for use in another room only to find you needed to nearly TREBLE the music subscription.VERY VERY GREEDY and UNDERHAND!!!


  Have had echo for a week & unable to set it up. Have asked amazon for assistance & get cut off on the phone.Want to send it back.as all help options don't help or answer questions!


  Doesn't work! Literally! Doesn't connect most of the times. Speaker volume low!


  Doesnt connect to internet, tried going through it with amazon over the phone and still wont connect, was never given a replacement or offered my money back awful


  get the google one, it’s not the best


  I regret the choise of this purpose. Useless. For every information and request you must pay. Not able to recognise other languages, for music yiu need to pay.Useless.


  All the product says on a very regular basis is . I’m sorry I didn’t understand that. My opinion not worth the money


  This is crap these devices have problems with understanding simple words. I don't know maybe it is mic but it is really annoying!I know my english is not native language but I used english on every day from few years to talk with natives so alexa should understand me a bit.


  Had to contact Amazon after two days with sound quality issues,expected better


  had a million problems trying to get it to work. finally got it up and running but every so often have to unplug and plug back in again because it will start glitching.


  No warning in instructions and sales pitch but I had wrong computer software and wrong phone so unable to install. Will need to send it back.


  The Black Friday special device is impossible to set up. The orange ring never tires of circling the device, the 'phone app is pretty useless and the return of this brick requires effort.


  Cant get the thing to connect to my wifi, there are no real instructions so I have been goi g round in circles for days, Alexa, take yourself back to the shop and get my money back!


  I don't own one so I don't know why I am asked to do a review for the echo dot


  Complicated to connect to tv. An apparatus for Amazon to market other Amazon products to you. Miss presented a music trail offer whilst Amazon without permission attempted a transaction on my bank account. Beware!!


  Product just keeps on lighting up for no reason need to replace due to being faulty


  Couldn't understand the reason for it


  Then free it was ok but wouldn’t buy


  Have trie4d with both my Kindle devices and my PC but it will not connect, even tried manual setup


  My recent perchase of echo dot is not working and nothing to restart it works!!


  Unable to set it up after trying several time s, but I require an address of a doddle drop point  near T F 2 6 LL shropshire thank you barbara maddox bmaddox2144@gmail.com


  Could not get it to connect to BBC sounds for a specific program.  Really fed up I spent over a week trying to get it to work but wish no success.  Really fed up


  I have put my echo back in the box because no one tells you that you have to pay a subscription each month to play music


  Best thing my partner ever bought me , I was going to get a sound bar but you can hear Alexa from upstairs , brilliant definitely must buy ❤️


  The product got a crack on the back I don't know but the voice doesn't come clear and to speak to Alexa has to be close to your mouth or doesn't work .


  The main issue was for me an App (I am using Android). It is extremely slow. It was so frustrating that I am not using Alexa any more. I move to Google. Sorry Amazon.


  ok buy but not as good as I was hoping. had it for a few months slowly becoming less responsive


  The month of music subscription did not even work will not buy again


  Bought as a present


  Very disappointed. Radio switches off after about a minute. Boxed and ready to return.


  Didnt like her voice, different to our Echo which has a much pleasanter tone, also didnt realise that music unlimited is only applicable to one device, to have 2-6 devices the monthly fee triples


  Was bought as birthday present for when I do my housework  The volume is not that loud.will use to turn tv off instead and cancel music appp


  Unable to set up and tried everything to get it to work.Unhapoy with product


  I got disappointed about this product every one said that good, unfourtnally mine have the voice and sound disturbed so that's why I gave you 1 star on this alexa.


  Absolutely useless. It doesn't respond to any commands. Ask it a simple question and it doesn't know the answer. All it's good for, is turning off the lights before going to bed. Google Speech on my mobile is far better. Complete waste of money.


  Crap


  Easy to set up and good sound very informative


  Sound quality could be a lot better but it is a cheap speaker. Alexa has a lot of problems with my accent and as a result does not connect with anything first time, maybe 5th time, it's hard work.


  Cant answer most questions.


  Total waste of time for me, don't do streaming etc


  Broke within a month. Just from sitting on the side. Suddenly stopped working one day.


  Doesn't respond most of the time. Resetting it doesn't help, nor does moving it closer to the wifi. Has given nothing but trouble since I got it.


  The product came with scratches on it and the button isn’t very responsive. Whenever I am playing music and say Alexa it never hears me over all a wast of money and will not recommend


  Everything it just does not work for me


  Tried to get it to play music. It kept saying I was in wrong market place. No instructions on how to get music. Put it away and will probably try another time.


  I have 2 echos and an echo dot, needed another one yet it inst responding to what i ask and just doing nothing!


  VERY DISAPPOINTED I LIKE TO LISTEN TO CLASSICAL MUSIC. WNEN I ASKED ITPLAY HANDELS MESSIAH i.e. you expect me to join amazon music app and pay for it when I can get it for free on other music apps


  It is unable to play my playlist, it just keeps trying to stream music from Amazon


  Just purchased this tried setting it up to my Spotify but won’t connect whatsoever. I’ve Deregistered the device from the app and unlinked my Spotify account and tried to reconnect with no luck


  I don’t know why it stop working


  Disappointing that you cannot use it unless it is plugged into the electrics, will now have to purchase something you use it wireless


  gives false information about order dates and amazon dont care, be casreful buying these things


  My echo dot doesn’t work properly I wish to return if please. When I asked Alexa to switch off she didn’t I kept having switch it off from mains x


  Dislike.


  Looks good, but doesn't work. I have a 2nd gen which is great, but this doesn't work. Doesn't connect to any Bluetooth device except a mobile phone....not very good. Will stick to my old 2nd gen.


  Uhhhhjk


  Hi i baught my speaker from yourself and its not as loud as it should ve as ive got the same speaker that plays way louder and the lights have stopped working


  Bought to play Spotify, turn LED strips on and more. Not happy with what I received. Spotify not connecting even though I have premium. LED strips don’t connect and much more. Would not buy more.


  Will not set up.with my new broadband service


  Not as great as I’d hoped for.... have Apple Music and it isn’t as easy to play as Alexa doesn’t always pick it up.... personally I would return it but it was a present


  I already had an Alexa and subscribe to the monthly music. I got another one to play music in the bedroom. It says I have to pay extra per month to get music on the second device. I think this is a con


  Bought to help my elderly mum but suddenly no longer able to set reminders, the primary reason for purchasing. No help to resolve from amazon so waste of money


  Alexa sucks. Go Google instead. It's so annoying and crap because you have to teach it skills otherwise it's useless


  I disliked that I had to open another unlimited account to play music on the echo dot  even though I already have one for my alexia, bit of a con really another way of getting money out of the Customer


  Very good when it works but mine kept switching itself off and even though I bought it brand new I was only offered a refurbished device as a replacement . Very poor amazon customer services


  Cannot get it to work


  I wanted to listen to music or a poet, and you can if you PAY. This was a present from my children, If only they new how much it could cost me?


  Why anyone would put a spy in their home is beyond me. This was a gift to my wife which I am totally against. If I had my way it would be in the bin.


  Got 6 Alexa's and this one (3rd gen) drops connection frequently. I've switched them around, problem solved etc and have isolated this as the problem.  Admittedly haven't tried to send it back as too much bother.


  The dot broke after 35 days


  Doesn't understand anything I say - I ask it to play radio 4 and it plays radio Switzerland. Took 6 attempts to set up as Alexa app could not connect to it properly.


  It's all about paying. You have to pay for music you have to pay for everything else. It's an expensive clock. If I go on my PC everything is free unlike this Echo you have to pay for everything


  Keeps telling me sorry i'm having trouble understanding right now


  All my Alex's has ever said is " I'm sorry I do not understand. Please try again later what a disappointment.


  It’s just a glorified radio


  I wouldn’t purchase this product. Voice control is bad and sound quality


  I've changed location and language to English but still areas of the app that are stuck in Italian. The area I speak of is in 'devices' when I look up the hug lightbulbs


  Had to take it back to currys.  5 different people try in install it too my wifi...but would not connect now using google nest.


  Every now and then you need to switch it off and back on because it stops working done what u said still have issues with it but keeps switching off


  Using with Amazon prime music on Sonos in one word hopeless even after phoning the help line and being talked through what to do to fix it!


  The plug attached to it is huge... Not sure why. Double the size of a normal plug


  App wont allow Kids Skills to be enabled. Nine times out of ten Alexa's only response is"Hmmm, I dont know the answer to that". Very disappointed, the only thing Alexa does know is the weather but I can always look out of the window !


  Will not play amazon music ! That’s why I bought this what a waste of money


  Once connected if the power gets cut off the dot refuses to connect to the internet after two replacements I give up on it.


  No matter what I do I just can’t connect this echo dot 3rd gen. to my hive heating thermostat been at it now for 3hrs. Given up now.


  Bought specifically to use for music with my Apple Music subscription and although it is linked does not work. It seems a lot of customers are having this problem.


  She only hears me half the time I talk to her. Annoying.


  My order haven’t been delivered today it’s haven’t to all my order I’m not happy I’ve look down stairs nothing


  I would not buy another , waste of money .


  I’ve never purchased this item!


  Doesn't link to ad hoc wifi connections which I have, waste of time.Also I was not refunded the full amount, and nobody has told me why???


  Only had it three weeks and is didn’t work so had to send it back but when it did work but wax ok!


  Doesn't work, connects to my alexa app but will not connect to my wifi. My Echo plus, fire tablet and fire tv stick all connect no problem but the echo dot simply refuses.


  When we set a timer,and ask again ,what is left on it,it says no timer set,and when we have set a timer,it didn't go off,dose anyone else have the same problems,thanks


  I'm having trouble connecting my alexa to my new Internet what do I have to do?


  Unplugged it will not connect to wifi


  Prefer Apple, have to repeat even the simplest of task


  Never brought this item


  It has a long black scratch on the surface and it did not connect although i have followed the right instructions plus talking to IT department .


  I received this item and have had nothing but trouble the alexa app doesnt work on my phone and it keeps cutting out and wont play anything im not happy please advise me what to do thanks


  Worst coustomer service ever the people said it doesn’t have a light sensor when it obviously does


  I got this as a free gift. It was still more than it was worth. Didn't recognise my voice much of the time and when it did never knew the answer. Handy if you want to have a bugging device in your home at all times.


  rubbish cannot even get started with it, Alex app will not download absolute rubbish


  Dot switches off automatically when using bbc sounds. Tried resetting device and updating the ‘skill’ but still not working although amazon customer service said it would be fixed in 2/3 days


  Sound for speech poor.


  I’ve got a faulty Alexa that doesn’t work  after using a month and cannot find a way of contacting the seller. And do not have the box to send it back.


  Just a spying device. Not much available to do with it. Google has bigger store. It Automatically subscribed me to Amazon music and money was taking out.


  Alexa constantly cuts off mid sentence


  The product failed to connect to my wi-fi in any room including 1 cm adjacent to the wi-fi hub.


  Very good piece of kit for what it is


  The cable was obviously damaged by how tight that a wire was loseAnd  it had been packed.... so couldn’t get electric supply to the dot


  Sound Quality just as bad as the second gen save your money by the echo


  This thing is great if you want people to listen in on you while your at home  , and you can save a couple of seconds by not having to switch a light , great


  TOO HARD TO GET IT TO PAIR OR FIND OTHER DEVICES


  Alexa doesn’t respond correctly, she doesn’t know most stuff that I be asking and sometimes I would have to repeat my question. For now I just use is for the speakers and the lights


  Arrived all battered and damaged


  keeps droping out wont play music requesrted or radio derby


  Well this was my second attempt to purchase a echo dot as first one never arrived, Xmas day this gift was for, and guess what it will not connect so thanks amazon a gift surprise ruined


  Very disappointed with this item as it will not work with all Bluetooth equipment.So disappointed in fact I returned it to supplier for a refund.


  Should have bought it earlier


  i taught i was suppose to the first 4 months for  £0.99 ,why was i charged full price already


  Can't even get it working


  It's Amazon's mine product. Such a long time to wait a bit disappointing


  Amazon playing games again - purchased at a higher price due to it being dropped in price afterwards


  this would only play the radio for about  mins then switch off waiting for another one to be delivered


  It was really disappointing that I cannot listen to my music in Google Play Music. Listening to music was one of the first reasons we got it.


  Couldn’t answer quite a lot of questions and music was limited without paying


  It keeps cutting out during songs so will definitely be cancelling


  does not work


  Item delivered faulty, does not pick up voices properly, tried to open a return item case but amazon won't let me! Disappointed to say the least.


  Sound quality is poor. Had to use with mini Bose for quality sound.


  My granddaughter loved it thankyou


  It is very useful to turn the light on during the night for my disabled husband


  Doesn't listen when music is playing.  Usually takes 3-4 attempts of shouting ALEXA!update 24-04-20 - Now the speaker keeps distorting.


  I didn't buy an echo dot from Amazon


  Sound quality is excellent but struggle to I teract with alexa only seems to listen a hand full of times and takes ages to answer you most of the time after saying alexa 10+  times


  Great gadget


  why have one when everyone has an I phone - don't get it


  Integration is not good. Won’t connect with sound bar without going through app and another speaker I have. Customer assistance not helpful


  I unplugged it and put it back in box in another room.Wasnt using it to its full potential


  Mixed review .Does stuff very well , won’t do other basic stuff at all .It won’t pick up my smart plugs or connect to my nest heating ??So 5/10


  It could not be connected to WI-FI , I was also unable to download the App to my HP laptop. I was frustrated as I spent a lot of time trying.I do not have a smart phone to download the APP on.Very disappointing.


  I have had the echo dot 13 months now and the speaker sounds awful now


  Rubbish


  it wasn't that straight forward to link up amazon music / audible etc ... its going back


  I had 2 separate echo dots and I had to send them both back as the setup wouldn't work.  Even after spending half an hour on the phone with customer service.


  You cannot set an alarm to wake you up with the radio. This is so simple and I know many ask for it but it doesn’t work. Such a basic failing for a smart speaker


  Shocking. Doesn’t work properly. Frequently stops playing, doesn’t connect properly and cuts out for hours on end


  I would not bother buying this if I had know how much worse the 3rd Gen is from previous generations. The tunein app is useless and cannot be deleted. I feel like I have wasted my money


  You have to pay for everything that you want use like Spotify for example if you don’t have premium you can’t use it


  Keep saying to listing to music got to pay monthly subscription no way that’s an insult after paid a lot money in first place


  Alexa is not very good. It regularly says.“ I don’t know that one”I wouldn’t buy again


  Be very careful. This device runs off the Alexa App that requires ios11 or higher.


  Disliked that it had a US plug but company gave me a refund.


  When you see what this want acmes to don't do it its totally insecure the only reason I have this its free


  Buying from ITunes is juat as good. My echo dot rests in the bin of rubbish.


  Tries to sell you stuff constantly. From Amazon, obviously.


  Very disappointing. It wont play BBC radio or link up to my other alexa that will play bbc radio.


  Cannot get it to recognise stations 


  Awlful won’t connect to Samsung phone despite 48 hours of trying no advice on line that works and no answer on helpline despite ringing 6 times. Wished I’d brought an google dot


  Very hard to understand,pretty rubbish article


  Would not connect to wifi


  Doesn't play a thing you want to hear. Assuming playlists of utter drivel and when you ask a question just answers I don't know that. Nothing like  I expected quite poor really!!!


  It’s a con! I was cheated I don’t like the fact I have to pay a subscription for music. I can’t find a way Alexa can play music at no cost.I will probably give it to the charity shop.Very dissatisfied


  Had this for less than a day and it stopped working.


  This does not connect to the Wi-Fi and unable to reset .. needs a better support source when things don't go right .. waste of money and disappointing present


  I found Alex very easy to use.  I’m very pleased with this unit.


  Terrible the speaker blew in less than a week


  I got this item and didn’t realise it won’t connect to my current echo, which was the main reason I got it so I could connect them and play music all round and I cannot do this..


  its ridiculous that we spend an awful lot of money in the family buying things on amazon etc and we still get charged for the music? its a rip off


  It’s very quiet and she doesn’t always hear you


  waste of money, its a load of crap!


  Given to us as a present and does not work so our son has to get a replacement


  Very poor produxt


  Even though I went to the trouble of an Amazon Chat first to ensure what I purchased was compatible with my fire stick tv, it was not !


  Intrusive always listening - most useful is playing audio but you need and external amp and speakers and of course a subscription to Amazon !


  This product is totally rubbish, avoid at all cost not as good as our last one, doesn't pick up what your asking got so frustrated with it threw it in the draw never to be used again


  I love the product. My problem is my wife got one at the same time. I am having great difficulty getting a deal for music for the 2 of us?


  this product stopped working after a few months- I am simply told it has gone defective and for no reason


  Vary vary good


  Always has to be plugged in, cant play music unless it's on a streaming app you pay for so no YouTube and always has to be on wifi just buy an anker speaker


  Had to repeat myself a least 6 times every time as it obviously has problems with the Scottish accent, sound becomes distorted when when volume turned up will now cancel the free trial, not worth the bother


  It will not let me sign in. Have made several calls to the technical help line but still unable to sign in. Waste of time and money


  Pointless piece of kit my TV has Google assist and my tech is bluetooth connected to my soundbar and sub. Forces you to buy amazon subscriptions. Pointless unnecessary.


  Speaker does not last ,after 4 months the sound breaks up and is useless .I think I should be given a free replacement for the one I paid for


  Liked everything


  Was using it fine until it stopped connecting to the internet, tried everything but no luck at fixing it


  I did have problems burying to set it up on my kindle my nephew came and tried same for him so he used husband smart phone and no problem


  I cannot connect my prime video on my Samsung smart tv to my echo dot and that was why I bought it it only plays music so I unfortunately am disappointed


  I purchase this for my daughter for Christmas and now after less then five months use it is faulty. It appears to have a mind of its own playing different songs from those asked for, the sound is now very poor quality.


  They are amazing things but mine keeps disconnecting from the internet and at first I thought it was my internet connection but it keeps happening even when my internet is on


  It doesn't really work very well. And I have fingers that can press buttons on my smart phone to do tings like play music and check the weather. I only got this because it was a freebie.


  Stopped working after 1 week 


  Once it was set up it was great for 5 minutes. Now cannot connect it to the internet so cannot use it.


  The only good thing about this is the speaker. I've had my alexa 3 days. It hardly recognizes my voice. It switches off  70% of the time when I ask it a question.


  I can get it to wake up but that is all


  Don’t waste your money. Spotify stopped working after couple of months. Amazon music still works surprise surprise.


  This came at 3, its now 5 and its still not setting up. The echo is on and ready but the app is saying its offline.


  Not really what I expected, it isn’t as good as you see on the tv, only had it a week and already thinking of getting rid out it!


  fantastic machine that does so much more than I expected. Had a few problems when first used as it would randomly turn itself off but works perfectly now. Fully recommended


  I wanted the 3rd gen with time Display LED’s unfortunately it wasn’t. This was badly advertised


  If music is playing Alexa does not respond unless you shout right into the speaker so this defeats the purpose somewhat.


  Alexa doesnt seem to be able to answer alot of simple quieries, also doesnt play the right song which is asked for


  this product is terrible, not even a year with it and main speaker cabin is rattling, distortion and muffling!!! I was expecting something better from Amazon. So disappointing


  Although my tracking says the parcel was left behind a wheelie Bon I looked and it isn’t there it’s also saying it about 3 other parcels but I cannot find them


  Gives you blood pressure as Alexa doesnt know very much! I have never shouted so much.


  Poor customer service...  poor music as your 4.99 pounds does not show it and does not add to it.


  My old Alexa is better. This new one won’t play radio station I ask for - set up same way as old one. I want to listen to Bbc radio 2 and it gives me other radio stations


  Ok but you needed to pay for a monthly subscription to have music on it


  Very disappointed with the sound quality of this Gen 3 Echo Dot, already had a first Gen Echo and it is much better.Wish I had kept the box, it would have gone back if I had,A. Peters


  Item does not work, please do not buy this item from this site, Asd little boy devastated and can’t return as missed deadline for return 


  Says "I don't know that" far too much


  Linked with Apple Music, stopped playing songs after 2-3 songs and cannot play music for about 30 mins. Happened twice and really disappointed.


  She don’t listen to my voice that well bits up back noise more than my voice


  Worst thing I’ve ever bought had to have 2 replacements in under a year due to poor quality third one doesn’t even work


  The echo itself is very good but when you try to enter into single device on Amazon music it won't allow you to do so at3-99 a month but you can register


  Worked for a week then didn’t ,rang amazon twice nothing been sorted bought it 18th December it’s now 8th January and still not sorted one not happy customer 


  My echo dot was stolen and I think if it had a code number it she not work for the next person it should have a security number


  Good . Happy with it.


  It recognises only voice of one person n not more who are living in same place


  Doesnt work well at all, constantly turns red and cuts out. Cant learn my voice. Really poor


  The technology is great in Alexa


  It dont work and I am trying to send it back but I am not getting any help off you lot


  Loved my Echo and wanted the dot for my bedside - use the sleep aid apps a lot. Unfortunately there was background noise interference - I suspect a faulty speaker, so it had to be returned. Hope the replacement is ok.


  not what I expected very quiet


  So limited. It will only play from certain sources and as such, has less functionality than a simple Bluetooth speaker.


  Shocking


  Do not buy.Integration is rubbish.App is rubbish.Waste of time and money.


  Dislike the product.It took a long time to set up.It doesn’t playback a lot of the time.It often loses connection.


  This item is an American version and so doesn’t work as well and it’s voice can’t be changed so must have come from USA


  There was only one of the ech dots in the parcel. There is no white one


  Bought this product to use in my car and have got no car charger for it. I cant now use it which is a shame really. I cant connect with it through an aux cable.


  It will not link to Samsung tv or smart life power point fixtures so except for occasional questions it does not do what it says on the tin..........


  Can’t listen to most radios!Too much commercialsNeed separate app for everythingNot linked to search engine


  It randomly turns on during the night and starts playing music which scares the crap out of me.


  Got other ones and they work great but for some reason this one keeps breaking and shutting off.


  Dangerous. Went to be and overheated and warped the case, this could have easily started a fire.


  Just received my echo dot and I have no power cables?Do I need to order this separately?This has been very misleading if that is the case & to top it off I can’t even find a change to order.


  Alexa refuses to link with spotify--tried numerous times but its still a problem


  Could never match what google does


  Dont know if this is connected to echo dot but after plugging this in my dog had a convulsion which has never happened before maybe a coincidence but strange so it remains unplugged


  Poor quality despite the price


  Don’t like the fact that you have to pay to play music when having an echo, can’t twin with  this feel you are misleading people just to get more money


  Stopped working within weeks can’t return as I can’t find a way of returning it through amazon returns


  The microphone doesn’t pick up your voice no where near what the previous gen could


  Rubbish. Too much hassle. Doesn’t recognise my voice. Repeatedly have to set it up.


  It cannot tell me , half of what I ask of it , enough said .


  The dot was not compatible with my AlexaI could only get it to work independently


  Music playing in one Dot-3rd gen stops (automatically)  after a while when streaming is started in another Dot-3rd gen in my home


  Won’t play music installed on my phone and I don’t pay for subscriptions so this is disappointing.


  Quality product but delivered into my bin....apparently this is normal procedure from such a respectable company!


  It’s not portable! All photos promoting it don’t show the lead. Frustrating and sent back within 2 minutes of opening it!


  I bought this product so I could listen to all the minecraft parodies I wanted. I asked Alexa to play ‘Fallen Kingdom’, my all time favourite parody, and she played a Jurassic Park theme instead!!!!! Waste of time!! Money back pls.


  Bought it for a Christmas present for my husband,didn't realise it doesn't work when not being charged disappointed!!!


  Signed up for something by mistake. Alexa default. Not at all happy it was so easy. Have no idea what it was for or to cancel it.


  Very disappointed,  unable to get it to connect with my Wi-Fi.  So not working.  Bought for hubby for Christmas not good


  not verey good


  Good luck getting  this if you have a voucher  thro  a Hive offer .Amazon  tried to charge and then twice say replacement  codes invalid


  It just keeps cutting out. You literally have to hold it like a microphone to get it to play anything.


  They are a complete and utter waste of time and expense.


  RIP off in terms of songs available on basic subscription.  Always trying to get to upgrade


  I couldn't understand the instructions... Was unable to connect the Echo to the television,  The flashing light was very annoying


  Keeps turning off whilst playing music you then have to ask it to start playing the music again


  As a new user I have found Alexa interesting and fun. Use for a variety of. Probably do not use it enough but my grandchildren love it.p


  Alexa is not good when it comes too using smart app for the home as Alexa doesn’t do anything or said she doesn’t understand when you give her a command.


  I can’t really review this item, as the device will not connect to the wifi. Another of my friends also has had the same issue !


  Not mine, bought as a present therefore I've got no idea what it's like. End of.


  When I set Alexa up, other things in house couldn’t connect to internet. Once I turned Alexa off again I could connect to other devices in house!


  Not bought one


  It pick up me asking a question but don’t answer me 80% of the time. Wished I didn’t buy her as it quicker to do it myself as I’ve got hive than ask her to it For me !!


  Have to pay for music. So not free.


  No way near as good as the last version. Less accurate, worse voice. Just an all round worse product. I don’t understand.


  I have not been able to sync the app instruction to the device. It seems only to answer through the app onmy phone. What have I not done.


  Dose not play music and she America could some plz help me with it x


  Dull!


  No not happy will not connect to amazon music. I have just spent an hour of my life on the phone to amazon somewhere in the USA trying to get it sorted and then they put the phone down on me. Waste of space!!!!!


  The Alexa I brought wasn’t that good it doesn’t recognise my voice and commands. It has a very different Alexa voice to the normal ones.


  Bought my brother an Alexa as a birthday present, unpacked the item and plugged it into the electric socket and the cable exploded, very disappointed


  Im returning the item as it doesnt respond to voice commands and plays the wrong music...really an embarrasment


  not worth a penny.dont be silly to buy one


  Has to be on charge to use?!! In this day and age.... that’s a joke!


  If it would stop flashing amber and making a noise every 10 mins at full volume despite the fact that there's no notifications that would be neat.


  Dose not work more that half the time and can't even tell you why it stops WORKING waste of moneyDo not buy


  Was sooo quiet, playing music on my phone was louder, I ended up returning


  Hi,l get email for my truck is delyvered,but lm at home and waiting for truck,but nobody come,wtf?


  After 2-3 weeks, suddenly the sound quality dead. Before I didn't had a problem with Alexa, but this is a really short lifetime for using.


  The google pebble is much better than this. the volume control is rubbish, aleaxia sounds like she is mumbling things. just crap really.


  I have to pair the speaker every day or “Alexa has trouble understanding”. Very, very frustrating.


  Cant get it to contact to the internet, the only thing it'll connect to is my kindle


  Blown speaker within 2 months - absolute garbage, crap!


  Early days in the learning process but good so fat


  Terrible. Don’t waste your money. Apple home pod is on a different level.


  Worked fine for a while, and then kept causing issues- wouldn’t discover devices despite other dots on the same network discovering and controlling devices


  Very poor quality of voice recognitionNot that get unless you sign up to amazon music


  Speaker keeps switching off after 10 mins , spoke to support and no fix known.Item returned


  She doesn't have the answer for most things I ask.E. G. What time is my local morrison supermarket open until?Goggle told me exactly when and which one as well.


  One problem if u got many artis on spotify it only plays radio version.  And sometimes not artist


  Really enjoying using my Alexa to listen to the music and singers I like throughout the house.


  I got this as a Christmas present,to me it's a big con as you need to pay a monthly subscription to use it,when your scraping to live as I'm disabled and can't work its wrong,it's gone back in the box never to be used again


  Never ordered nor re ie Ed one but this is the second tk.e I've been asked tocreview


  Love the Alexa but this model is glitchy, sound quality went all tinny after a week and never sorted it sell out 


  I thought I gone get all songsGo to see I have to pay £ each monthM not getting any song if I requestThis is the reason m upsad


  The product itself is great, but really peeed off it went half price a week after I bought it 


  I had to return the items,they weren’t compatible for Europe


  Purchased to control Sonos and it wont consistently. Now turned off. Roll on Google with Sonos.


  Just don't like it only use to turn my TV off and on and I need to shout for it to respond quite disappointing


  will not buy again


  I got the device, but it did not work with me [I couldn’t get the App]. I want to know if it works in Ireland or in the Gulf countries.


  Nice little gadget sorry I didn’t get the bigger echo noe


  don't like it


  If you want to play Spotify, or anything else that is not based around Amazon Music do not buy.


  Won't connect to my virgin WiFiVery disappointed. Will be returning it


  You have to be up close to the alexa tfor her to recognise what you are telling her.Sometimes it has difficulty picking up WiFi.Sound if up at highest level becomes crackly.


  Slightly disappointed with my dot as it cuts out from time to time and sometimes when asking alexa something she lights up but doesn’t respond


  Not impressed as Alexa does not always respond.


  Easy to set up, I’m loving it, no negatives at the moment,


  How can I review an item I have not bought?


  Sound quality is rubbish, muddy and not clear at all. Even with mid and treble on full and bass at minimum.  Grrrrr


  I personally found it very difficult to pair with other bluetooth devices.I dont see the point of the device other than make people lazy .


  Difficult to set up and complicated to use. Got it as a present but gave it away.


  Dont buy if you dont subscribe to prime and prime music as useless


  My device appears offline all the time and I can not change it. I’ve tried everything.I


  Cannot get item to work


  Not as good as google. Continuously doesn't understand commands and is always messing about with the Philips hue lights


  Disappointed that was offered a £15.00 cashback offer but it has never appeared which is misrepresentation  and selling under false pretences


  I have not received Alexa as code did not work. We ordered two hives and received one Alexa but the code for the second did not work.


  it 's only personal because amazon wont sell alexa to Greece  but we can buy echo from Greece only more expensive


  I never received this item so cant leave a review on it


  Device breaking down after less than 6 months, voice control not great.


  Doesn't work if you run your Internet off a mobile hot-spot. I have an item now I can't use


  Not being able to listen To music  on 2 separate alexia’s is a joke and a rip off. If I’d known this before I bought it I wouldn’t of bothered.


  Loved the quality, but it stopped working. However our other one has been working for a year and is fine.


  Have three Google versions which operate our appliances more precisely.So its going.


  It’s got an American voice!!!


  The echo won’t connect with apple music which is hugely disappointing. It says that it needs an update and when you enquire about updates it says it’s all up to date.


  Alexa doesn't respond.


  Can't even do what i say sometimes. Is like a rethard child. Can't even answer basic questios. " i am affraid i don't know this one "


  This little doesn’t always communicate with our other Alexa.


  Bought as a Christmas present. Will not install. Loads of trouble will have to send back. Very disappointed daughter


  Got for my son for Christmas and only just stop working and speaker sounds all buzzes now a very unhappy 6year old


  Came with American plug 


  My 7 year old managed to upgrade amazon music just by saying ‘yes’. Even though I cancelled it minutes later it still cost me £15.


  It is no good in America dose not do as we ask only music very poor waste of money would not recommend ?


  I bought two and only one worked, the other wouldn't connect to wifi


  Up to now I still can't connect to alexa I have tried everything but no luck


  Like:design, build quality,priceDislike: limited interactions, basic functions, most services cost, hard to setup/integrate with other services/APIs, not using it


  I ordered it when it had a discount and the payment needed to be checked. I tried it with my own card and then my relative and it still wouldn't work so now I'll have to pay full price which is double.


  This product stops working at random, everything works really well except for the unreliable nature of the device. 1/10 wouldn't recommend.


  After you ask alexa to play music it plays roughly 3 songs then stops working. I didn't have this problem with my last alexa


  Stopped working on day 2! Will return it


  Can’t connect to the internet, a bt box 2ft away from it


  Couldn't use as already have another echo dot and this 2nd one would not work in another room.


  Without Amazon music subscription this is waste of money, rather buy speaker for that money.


  Like to play music, and find my Spotify app loads quicker and more accurate, think they are a gimmick, I’m afraid don’t use it anymore


  Everytime it gets warm it can't understand you don't answer questions it's asked and plays totally a different song you ask it to play


  Although my son tuned it in to my voice it will light up when I speak to it then shut down with now ,now and not answer


  Unable to comment


  I cancelled my order before it arrived as it was no longer wanted but im sure it would have been great


  Just should tell that is complicated to use no have Bluetooth and is’t wireless to use


  Nothing. It could not play from my streaming service.


  Not as good as the 2nd or the 1st generation


  No idea how to return product as this function was not clear and now the sound is gone and it cant follow instructions due to poor hearing of device


  Its terrible, cannot get past, 'sorry I don't understand you're. Done everything correctly but now wondering what to do!


  Do not buy this product unless you want to waste your money. It was purchased to simply play Radio 1 in the office and constantly cuts out (internet connection stable).


  Trying to set find my phone and Alexa won’t except my number because it begins with 0


  Not impressed with the dot nothing like the echo which I was happy with so disappointed it’s dot is American voice that doesn’t react to Londoners voices 


  There is very limited use for this.


  BestChristmas present given to me in 2019, it is brilliantgadget


  It does not display time !


  should have seen reviews, wont play BBC radio 2 , Sent backvery poor


  Does not integrate with Sonos easily, it defaults to amazon music when I want Spotify.It’s frustrating and now we don’t use it.


  Gave up waste of money tried to configure it but all it says is that music library I'm not registered. I stopped my membership


  I can't review this item as I didn't want it in the first place and I haven't ever used it nor intend to use it


  Total complete crap


  There are better items out there if you want a speaker, and access to services isn't cheap,


  Unfortunately this product is not supported in my region. Have given it to someone who lives in the UK who will be able to use it.


  It is only plays amazon music.  This is not good.  It also pauses for 16 minutes after making a specific pass to switch to the other song.


  NOT CONNECTING TO ME MOBILE NUMBER SO I CAN USE IT AS A HANDS-FREE -NO BIG DIFFERENCE FROM 1ST GEN -  PROBABLY NOT WORTH THE UPGRADE


  Lovely bit of kit, if it ever connected reliably to my internet. Tried to end of times to reconnect and it just cuts out constantly.


  Cannot get Echo dot set up. Phone cannot find device. Been trying for a month unfortunately have missed return date by 2 days.


  I did not buy this item


  Alexa keeps randomly playing and speaking weird things. Wouldn’t buy again.


  Sent back as would need to pay more money to play more music on second echo.in house wanted one upstairs as downstairs


  It’s very frustrating it works now and again plus it’s the second one I’ve had which does not function properly very disappointed


  Beware if you are buying it to listen to radio channels it doesn't play what you want it to.  Sorry I bought it


  I've tried for 3 days to connect it to the Internet and its just not picking it up, little boy very sad it doesn't work


  Crap


  i dislike this item because it took 80 gpb out of my bank account this morning


  Stopped working after few weeks


  Compact and nice looking excellent sound quality I would recommend.


  Doesn't connect to Wi-Fi at all and at anyone's house. Sending back for a refund . 1 disappointed daughter at Christmas


  Will not connect to the internet for some reason. Why is it so complicated to set up? Rubbish


  Bought as a Xmas present and it’s start of March it just stopped working ???? How do I return this faulty item !!!!


  Unable to pair wall clock, had several attempts clock moved round but fingers then stayed on 12 o.clock


  I couldn’t set up well and after I did it was losing the signal


  returned item as son bought one too


  Not as good as echo


  Loved the alexa when it worked!!! Sadly after 3 months it started to cut out and became unusable


  Crap product. Looked like it has several not very careful owners.


  Useless


  DON'T LIKE MACHINES WITH MY CREDIT CARD DETAILS LINKED.SO UNTIL I CAN DELETE THE DETAILS IT IS TURNED OFF


  No worth the money


  I havn't been able to use echo dot as it won't recognise my wifi


  A much improved looking product however id say about 75% less responsive for all voice commands. I have to ask almost every question 2/3 times. Really disappointed and would not recommend over the 2nd gen.


  Catch penny item


  If I could choose less than one star for integration I would definitely do it. It’s just too “stupid” to be called “smart”.


  Sadly, Alexa has never worked well. she crackles after about 15mins . This is load enough that I am unable to hear what is actually playing. I can't find a way of returning it.


  Still waiting for delivery even though its logged as being delivered to my address


  Received this echo dot last week and everything seemed fine. Since i bought it, it has sat in the same place the whole time. However out of nowhere whilst playing the music the speaker went muffled and weird.


  Have tried everything but it does not work !


  Can,t connect to wifi....


  It is not working


  There's nothing I really like about the echo dot, everything the echo dot does the Google mini hub does better


  Still saying 2017 on santas voice mail! This could ruin Christmas for some children please sort this out!!


  Cannot Fault it


  Product is fine, £15 cash back is a complete lie! Don’t fall for it!!


  My son bought me this for Xmas. Sent it back. It's crap. If you want anything to work you have to pay extra for it.


  It was a disappointment, I was sent a defective one that wouldnt connect regardless of what I tried, would not reccomend


  I wanted this to read me my audible and kindle books and it does not work


  I didn’t buy this item on amazon


  I did not like and iv hardly used going back in box


  It’s can not control the whole tv function, examples Netflix or YouTube


  It won’t let me give the third dot a different name so we can all play our own music. Tried all the blog recs but nothing...


  rubbish


  Still struggling to set it up, even though I have other items on wifi, the Echo dot keeps on saying unable to connect to the internet!


  She hates me !!!


  I have problem with Alex I can't  install the settings..it saying  I have troubles undestanding right now...please try later


  Cant understand properly, comes on herself and its in american accent.


  It’s annoying because I bought it because I want to listen to the radio through Alexa and it won’t find bbc radio 4


  The fact I have prime but need to pay more for unlimited music, RIP off


  I would not buy this device it does not listen to you at all


  I COULD FIND NO USE FOR IT ......


  Does not seem to understand requests as a redult it sits as an ornament


  Worst thing I ever purchased not even connecting any more.


  Dreadful. This worked for about 2 weeks and then just stopped. Terrible product.


  No good


  This caused havoc with my internet connection and my phone.  Its since been given to a charity shop.NSPCC


  poor sound  doesnt hear you when turned upwierd colour lights at night sometimes.., turn off ok


  Returned as un usable!


  Not as good as my other eco,  but will have to live with it.


  Returning it. Not my cup of tea. Had to re-pair and set-up each time I went to use it. Not as responsive as I’d hope. A pain to use as opposed to easy.


  The voice recognition doesn’t pick my voice up endless im speaking rather loudly


  Wouldn't sync or work with my sonos alexa speakers so became obsolete.


  I can't say much about it as I can't get App connected  to my phone


  I love it I’m going to get more!


  My Alex couldn't work, and I couldn't connect to his Bluetooth even with a long press. It's as if I just bought an ornament.


  Does not integrate well with other amazon products via Alexa, even though it’s advertised to. You get what you pay for with Amazon, I’m going back to using apple products.


  We are on Amazon Music on our Alexa. This costs £3.99 per month. To add the echo dot the total goes to £9.99.


  It is great fun


  It is crap And says sorry, I don't know that one for every other question.


  Received on time but didn’t work ,as it was for a Christmas present wasn’t best pleased


  The cable doesn’t work dot works with other cables


  Google is loads better. Dosent even say my town correctly or sometimes even thinks I'm in london wtf.


  Didn't like it plus allways get emails asking to review.


  I waited over a month for this item and have to turn it off most of the time because the sound is fuzzy.


  I cannot download Alexa app to activate item. It give me a message not download able in your area. I live in the Rep of Ireland. Please help


  Item itself ok but support when calling for help totally useless


  It doesnt work wont connect up, rang your customer services ghey were meant to call me back never did


  Bit of a waste of time


  Not had an Amazon echo from Amazon got mine from PC world


  The speaker went within a week


  Very poor. Has trouble understanding basic commands.Not worth paying £7.99 a month.


  Keeps failing to connect. Such a frustrating purchase


  One star as if given as a gift and anything goes wrong it is difficult/almost impossible to get resolved


  Needs resetting each day. Doesn’t link to more than one music app at a time


  It does not play the correct radio station I ask for


  Won’t register, I’ve tried so many times but no matter what I do it just won’t register


  Keeps losing internet connection. Very annoying to say the least


  Whats the point of this, when you can have a radio/stereo with two speakers


  Product broke after 4 wks!


  Only works with other gudjets, useless on its own


  Can't seem to connect my dot to my echo


  That I doesnt seem to function


  I have bought the 3rd generation and it is very echoey and doesn’t respond to my Amazon prime account for music where my echo 2nd generation I have no problems with


  Very disappointed since I never managed to synchronize it with my Amazone prime and music, nearly useless


  Unable to set up. Cannot be within 3 metres due to lockdown.


  The Echo Dot stopped working after about 30 minutes. It now won't go further than the initial blue light.


  Didn’t realise I would get charged per month


  I would not buy one of these gadgets to complicated to set up. Easy getting up and turning on the lights and so on.


  It lags a lot speech wise Alexa sounds like a phone call on bad service I don’t know why but it’s hard to understand it.


  Don't rely on it.


  after a month or two alexa did not recognize commands it had previously and connected to something differentto requested.also had to repeat commands .


  Would not connect to app or wifi. Have 3 other echo dots so disappointed this one would not function.


  Did not live up. To hype


  No simple instructions. Takes ages to start up .not much free unless you sign up with exorbitant charges(unlike other manufacturers)


  Could not get it to work,  won't connect to my wifi. Waste of electric


  Useless can't do any tasks


  It won't connect to wifi, I've tried everything from online and Amazon advice and still won't. Given up.


  Dissapointed


  Didnt work from the day we received it.


  Rubbish I wouldnt waste my money.


  You ask for a song and she can’t find it.snd when tv is on she talks.a pain in the butt.


  Excellent item


  it's useless, because I'm mostly out of the house.


  We still haven,t been able to connect our echo dot, most frustrating.  It is now in a cupboard, unused.


  U need prime membership to the most experience out of it


  My speaker has went all crackly after only using a handful of times. Completely unsatisfied with the quality of this product.


  Bought this thinking there was a clock as advertised the 3rd gen has one mines not...???? Advice needed!


  It’s pure crap waste of money you have to subscribe to this that and the other for music


  Medication reminder der


  Alexa does what it wants, not what you want. Sound is pathetic.


  Alexa does not recognise my voice although I have followed all the suggested steps very dissatisfied


  


  Alexa is not commanding on the songs I want very dissatisfy


  You have buy a monthly subscription and the wires to work with your tv


  I did not order the Amazon so who did?Please answer.


  I do not have an echo dot


  Love it’s functionality. But difficult to set up to other devices. And now 4 days old the speaker has failed. Very tinny sound. Returning to store tomorrow.


  This echo does not like playing BBC radio two don’t know why


  It is all ok only the turn down volume Button doesn’t work


  Much prefer Alexa gen 1She had great hearing and better sound quality


  I can't get it to link with my Wi-Fi; I've tried numerous times and failed!!!


  Rubbish a week after buying it amazon knock £20 off it stick your Alexa


  It does not work with plus net and I'm having trouble sending it back to amizon


  My echo dot fails to set up even when ive done an on phone walk through with customer service


  Cant get it to replay with an answer, it knows nothing, does nothing, useless piece of kit unless you want to know why fire engines are red


  Alexa will not set up a routine!!!


  Power lead does not work I dont have a printer to send it back so it sT in the cupboard


  I really only bought this to play music on - once set dot up I found out in had to subscribe to Amazon music with a monthly charge - not impressed!


  Loses Internet connection easily and can’t re fined it.


  Can’t seem to integrate with apps like gaana


  The price


  Everything is extra and the bloody thing just ignores you and carry’s on babbling


  I am a bit annoyed that I can’t add dot to my living room set ,also the delivery of the device was a complete joke


  Spotify doesn’t work


  This is rubbish product, not working & it’s really disappointed.


  Having to subscribe to get product to work. All I could get was the weather without paying for more.


  overall  it is excellent, but the rating is for having it six days and then the price reduced by half.


  Rubbish, save your money, stick with your cd's and radio


  Great product, works really well.Excellent price.


  Star ocean is a one of the most


  Wish I’d brought a radio!!RubbishSave your money!!


  Bought 3 at Christmas and it took all day to get them connected. Really disappointing considering how advance this tech is. The device once working is great though.


  Voice recognition is too poor.Integration with other subscription needs to be expanded.Should have some inbuilt battery as can't use it wherever we need to.


  The worst piece of technology on the market for voice recognition and ease of use. It is unable to follow normal commands.


  I don't know how to set it up on my phone


  Tried and tried but can’t match it up with my smart tv


  My speaker has never connected so iv not even  been able to use it


  Not got one???????


  Stopped working within a month - can't figure out how to get a replacement from Amazon - no email address, no option on my orders section to return - so annoying!!!!


  It's good but just dont like how hackers can get into your homeware so easily


  Once bought u need to keep paying ie for music choices and most other options


  Does understand basic commands always try’s to default to amazon music


  Wont connectReplacement sent not in original packaging and has no power plugStill not resolved


  Loved my echo dot good quality sound great for doing my shopping list


  Had this product since november, used rarley and the speaker has already blown, a common fault accosring to google reviews! Cracking every time music is on.


  I like every thing about the echo I think the music really good plus the sound quality is brilliant.


  Didn’t work and had to return


  Had it two weeks, used it about 3 times and the speaker is now all crackly and very low quality. NOT happy at all.


  Just not wot I thought it was going to be plus you have to keep it plugged in to work


  Cant get any music i want Alexa just says its not in my library. So far only alarm works for me


  Well it doesn't work do not happy af dll


  Very poor quality compared to the bigger Alexa’s


  Ugly, but the 2nd generation one it's the same thing but it looks better but the 2nd generation isn't on half price 


  Unwanted Xmas gift


  Only gets music from Amazon witch is useless and radio stations from tunin


  Would not connect to my wi-fi and it's not heavy enough for a door stop support unhelpful


  Would not set up, tried everything a waste of money


  Had this speaker not even a month and the speaker has blown, certain songs make it crackle


  Rubbish don't waste your money


  absolute crap 2 weeks & still cannot get to work


  Not very happy as it doesn’t understand what instructions we are giving it and sound quality not great


  Listening to conversation all the time -


  You probably have heard about the voice recording without your wish by alexa! Im not happy about it so I will request for refund asap.


  Doesn’t respond to instructions & does not link with our sound system


  For some reason a garden net arrived!


  After just a week it started turning off even after resetting  just would not stay on


  Can't get it to work will not connect to Internet


  Product not very good, keeps cutting out


  My dog absolutely hates it even if it’s not speaking or playing music. It must be the frequency


  Been trying to set it up for past 5 hours it's a load of crap sending it back


  This is my 2nd echo this one Keeps losing connection however my echo plus that I have had for nearly a year connects and stays connected


  I had the echo.delivered on the 17th of FebruaryAnd it still doesn’t work I’ve tried numerous times but it’s too complicated or something


  Requires monthly subscriptions to make it useful


  Worked perfect for the first 3 days then when ask a question said half the stopped and repeated


  I'm a little  disappointed in the delivery my parcel was thrown to the floor x


  That she is hard work and you have to repeat yourself a number of times :(


  Took 3 hours to set up, took 3 weeks to be delivered


  Alexa has charged me money for using amazon music for when I didn’t even start the membership


  Very disappointed with the trouble I've had with amazon music trial and to tell you the truth I won't be buying anything else and won't recomend


  quite slow, needs amazon monthly subscription to fully access music store, infrequently lags also


  Will not connect to a Bose revole speaker through Bluetooth


  Older ones could be powered by usb but this has to be powered by an overheating power supply.


  Worse than the second generation


  How  do I contact the seller please?


  This item turned up when I was away on holiday. It's lead was faulty. Couldn't return it as had to be returned by 10 July. Annoyed.


  Volume was not very clear. Hardly can hear what Alexa answering. Music isnt pleasant to listen to on it


  I like the sound quality - I don't like that the item is  not wireless. I would have expected an item that is so small to be portable.


  not easy to install


  Echo will not log onto WiFi, just stays purple. What can I do to fix this. Thankyou


  Not working properly even the replacement one same issue -not responding ..really annoyed


  Disappointed that you can only phone contacts who also have echo dots!


  A.I still not good... and most of the time it just can’t  answer simple things which really made me think why I spend money on this. Anyways it’s still new for me.


  Will not connect to WiFi replacement being sent which will arrive after Xmas. Really disappointed


  Sound keeps skipping, alexa does not understand half of what i ask it


  Quality of sound variable and doesn’t always recognise voice


  unable to set it up it keeps telling me to try again later 4 days so far


  Not impressed. It won’t pick up bbc radio 2 and play through speakers.


  Can’t get it to work


  I have been trying to get it to connect to my wifi since Christmas and still try , worst ever


  Sorry bad move buying it as I can’t get BBC radio 2 for some reason and I wanted it as an alarm


  I now know what the weather is like without having to move a curtain.


  Don't know why  being asked to rewire this as I've not ordered one


  Fine if you have a mid western American accent; rubbish if you don't.


  Its a load of rubbish keeps disconnecting from the internet you get fed up trying to connect. Waste of my money


  giving me information when needed


  It ok


  Doesn't support blink cameras. Unable to understand most phrases,


  Keep resetting it but we just cant seem to get it to work.


  Alexa will not work, just keeps saying its updating for hours on end.


  Would be handy if Amazon let you know this device doesn’t do much unless you take out subscriptions and pay monthly. Conned.


  After you connect it to Spotify it’s not gonna work, even that it says it work.


  This product worked for a day but has since not been able to pick up the wifi and is faulty. disappointing.


  Followed al of the instructions perfectly and simply doesn't work.  Frustrating.  Don't buy.


  I did not order an amazon echo from this seller so don’t know why I’m asked to review it


  Having to do factory resets all the time


  Don't work


  Too complicated to set up, still can’t put my own music on despite following online instructions


  Sound quality is very poorDoesn't always want to connect to wifi connection


  Hardly using it as it was bought as a present and I have no real need of one.


  Difficult to pair wouldn’t recommend echo go buy a google home tbh


  When recurved it was broken,


  Extremely disappointed that this Gen 3 model does not link up with Echo yet Gen 1 & 2 does


  Some songs not available on playlist apart from that easy to use.


  I never ordered one of these


  Atrocious, terrible, confusing,Not the product- Amazon's customer service!


  useless waste - no real use


  Having to say alexa and the fact it didng know alot of answers  alwo the fact you have to pay for music


  After four hours of trying it does not connect to the internet.... I would really like to return the whole bad purchase....


  Spying all the, will replace it with Siri soon.


  Won’t connect to the internet at all absolutely useless


  Having a problem with Alexa with the games they don’t workThinking of asking 4 my money back


  amazon music a complete rip off i already have an alexa why would you want virtually £10.00 a month for music


  Didn’t work....Had to be returned


  Need to pay a monthly music service subscription


  The iteam is not working, please change it for us.RegardsAhmed Al Bulushi


  Cannot get it to connect bought one for xmas for my mom hers works mine doesn't,?


  Love my Alexa


  Sorry, I don't know thatCan't find xyz on spotifyThis is what my alexa says the most


  doesnot work with spotify properly !


  it is just not as i expected really.


  waste of money


  not working!


  Will not action all commands especially For BBC Radio


  Just not really usefull but it’s dose what it says it dose


  Spotify stopped working!!! ANNOYING


  Love it


  Sounds like a quacky speaker after very little use


  Bought 3 of these for different rooms.  Two were fine but one packed up after 2 days.  Hasn’t worked since


  Brought 2 but will take one back! Pretty poor apart from what’s the weather like!


  Brilliant and clear with radio stations


  The speaker is definitely an improvement from the second gen.


  Order was not delivered.


  I've tried for a couple of hours to get it working. It gets so far and quits. Poor!


  Sound quality is terrible don’t waste your money


  Seem to get a weekly email telling me to review this so here goes


  Very disappointed, keeps losing the wifi connexion, fed up having to reset it 2 or3 tmes a day- waste of money.


  Wouldn’t link to Apple Music. Absolute rubbish.


  A direct debit was set up without my knowledge please ring me next week to sort it out


  Music , news, general information.


  Very disappointed


  I use the product for music weather etcBut all I get is "SORRY I DON't KNOW THAT ONE "


  Was 4 aweek, now not connecting 2 wi fi


  Alexa plays everything but what I ask her, also keeps playing radio norweigh


  Rubbish item do not buy cheap and nasty


  Worked great for 5 weeks then will not connect to the internet


  The sound is very poor when playing music


  2/10 she will listen to me. have to scream ALEXA for her to hear me.


  Very disappointed with alexa.  For music  you have to pay. Google home play music from YouTube


  Not working with hotpoint brand


  Dont like the fact that you cant use your Amazon music on this and another Alexa.


  Despite being told it had been delivered, I have not received my Amazzon Echo Dot.


  Rubbish product. Second one we have had and it’s been sent back for a refund.


  Cant seen to respond to commands!!!!!


  Siri ain't got nothing on Alexa! Best gift to myself ..sound and quality is good.


  Wouldnt recomend for the uk as the adapter wouldnt supprt our plugs, had problems trying to buy anouther adapter for it


  Music


  Very disappointing that if you want more from the echo, you have to join prime.


  Thing cant connect to wifi unless a meter away from router


  Kept disconnect drive me mad


  Crap


  Bought second Alexa and it’s not working properly as well! Just buy google...


  Only works when it wants to


  It won’t connect to my WiFi


  I don't even get why people have these tbh


  Sound is great. Difficult to set up and sync with Apple Music. Had lots of difficulty with voice recognition. Disappointed.


  Stopped working after less than a year


  Voice recognition is a Joke


  Don’t like being spied on so I sent it back


  Does not know many songs.  Sick of hearing "I don't know that"


  rubbish  it will not connect to the internet in every location I tried. It did at first then not at all.


  Doesn’t answer questions, just asks to repeat of doesn’t listen


  Your currer chucked my parcel over my fence and now it’s broken... this was for my girlfriends birthday this Wednesday


  Absolute rubbish keeps crashing red ring and ending subscription


  Amazon music asking for payment despite having a month free on amazon music .


  Product not received despite delivery notification


  Pretty much useless as always says ‘hmm i dont know that one’Not happy at all


  Get cross with her!


  Doesn't work


  Did not work!


  One hugely disapinted child Xmas day 2018. Not working . What a disapintment


  Unable to listen to my subscribed music


  Didn’t work, was a present so no receipt.


  Extra speaker


  Sounds awful


  Haven’t used this type of product before still finding out what it can do


  Don’t like having my privacy invaded!


  Useless device. Don't waste your money 8f you've already got a firestick


  got this for my son for Christmas, unable to set up due to website constantly crashing


  Device does not work very well,


  If you want to pay to listen to music, go ahead. Another Amazon rip off.


  I didn't use it, too unreliable, didn't recognise what I was asking, wouldn't play anything off my Spotify list


  the world has turned into a population on thickies....


  The power plug stopped working after 4months of use.


  Not supplied with uk plug although came from uk Very disappointed


  Constantly having to unplug and refresh.


  as above, poor  treble performance , sibilance on speech


  Nice


  I found this device limited in its ability to give me technical information.


  Wouldn't connect to internet. Returned a week ago, still waiting on refund.


  Would not enter set up mode or restart


  don't do nothing


  I can't connect this EchoI need some help with this


  Did not play music with Amazon Alexa Nat combined what a let down


  Unfortunately my Alexa doesn’t work. It doesn’t recognise my voice?


  Not received


  I can't connect to my my wifi as it is apparently 3rd party so I can not use it.


  Not happy at all, delivered to the wrong house!


  She hasn't a clue what we are saying, doesn't do anything we ask


  Great product alarm low but overall very happy


  you do not know what is free and there may be too many hidden costs


  Concerned that Amazon uses Alexa to spy on me


  Didn't work. Had to to have a replacement sent out.


  I have one very happy teenager, it is great and good value for money


  Can’t connect to a four bar WiFi, horrible device


  Dont waste your time and just get a google home


  Cost me £19.99 to connect this to Alexa


  Product was faulty took ages to link to WiFi


  It’s ok for shopping list


  Alexa has  difficulties connecting to radio stations, doesn’t always understand my accent


  A gift'its pants. Pointless.


  Standing my wine glass on


  It was great for 2 days then stopped working. Now will only tell me the weather. Not what I was expecting.


  Opened the dot on xmas day and struggled to connect to the internet.


  It’s not all that


  Rubbish it wont connect what a waste of money!!!!!


  I never received item and have not way to message about the goods


  Still not revived rang up and heard nothing back absolutely joke


  Never use it coz it has to learn everything I want it to do


  My echo dot has stopped working


  Never worked from getting it sent it back and no refund was given


  Utter nuisance I wish I never bought it it is utterly useles hunk of junk. PLEASE DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!


  My elexa has turned usa accent and dose not understand me is there a way ov putting her back 2 English if not i want 2 send back


  Mostly for music and alarm


  Voice recognition not working


  Not really sure what the point is? Poor speaker


  Doesn't seem to hear or respond as well as the 2nd gen


  Doesn’t hear me


  Meh


  poor software performance


  I think it's faulty as won't connect to any internet


  It join within our normal conversation and scares my privacy...


  Wouldn't work with anyones phone in the house?


  Order was put in bin and i live on a main road so it was not there


  I couldn’t find bollywood music that much, really disappointed


  Its a complete rip off and doesn't work unless you spend more money with Amazon


  Wouldn't set up. Useless piece of equipment


  Sound is terrible on this. I have an echo and is brilliant this is terrible.  Not sure if it’s faulty


  This was putchased as a present. Nolonger ours to review.


  This thing used bing as it's search engine. It's useless. I gave up and got a Google home mini which is cheaper.


  cant set it up very disappointed


  Didn't know you ha e to pay again for music etc.


  I liked everything about it


  Doesn't play Radio 2


  Your better off waving your money


  Going to go back.


  Doesn’t work


  No audio cable in box to output to speaker anymore. Bit silly !!


  I haven't had mine for even a week and its already malfunctioning.


  Been in hospital for awhile not received it still


  It talks to you


  Thought it would be better then wot it was very dissopointed


  Can not find play lists that are in my account


  Drops out constantly and doesn’t pick up voice


  Nice item


  Doesnt understand most of the questions.Disappointed


  No problemsPleased with the product


  Not as good as I'd been told before I bought it x


  Item arrived badly damaged fabric on speak is all ripped


  Rubish..


  Never owned one!!


  The Alexa itself is good, works well but sound quality very poor, disappointed


  STOP EMAILING ME TO REVIEW THIS - ps. It’s actually good


  Everything


  Useless


  Never bought an Alexa


  doesn't do what i want it to, and cant get it to sync with my bluetooth speaker.haven't used it since i got it xmas day.


  very  srprise  dosnt  working  cant  connect


  It doesn’t work. Period.


  Can’t make phone callsSometimes doesn’t pick up voice


  I bought 3 how do you know what colour one I have ?


  Very disappointed with the sound . It was very distorted .


  Keeps failing to update


  I never bought this


  Doesnt work just keeps flashing a blue light


  More an novelty than anything useful.


  It’s already stopped working. Not impressed so sending it back


  The sound can become distorted. This isn’t related to volume or what I’m listening to. It seems to be faulty.


  My new Alexa sometimes does things without my permission.


  Just wasn’t as good as I thought it was going to be


  Doesn't work properly with my music.  Very limited for heating.  Now uninstalled it


  Isn't compatible for my iPhone 5. So now I need to buy another phone 


  Poor answers, not as good as Google Home


  Still cant get it go work


  Doesn't recognize the command


  Does not work


  No next day delivery no sorry


  My Alexa would not connect to anything


  Utter garbage.


  Could not link to music on my other dot


  I do not see the point


  I did like this item but it does not work properly it vibrates when playing music or talking


  I use it for music and it’s not loud enough


  They don’t tell you that you can only listen to 1 device at a time when you are playing ur music


  I returned this product as the sound was terrible


  No you tube, bored very quickly, gimmicky


  Very disappointed with the voice recognition


  Always a connection problem


  Absolute rubbish quality


  Music


  Constantly disconnects from WiFi ,


  It is completely crap, how is that.


  It is rubbish as it tells me the time 1 hour before it actually is


  The sound comes out broken and does not work properly


  Awful product. Can't connect to any device.


  Just brilliant


  Can’t get the dot to work or connect to WiFi.


  Waste of space never get use out of it


  It shud be Location independent


  I can't get it to connect with my internet


  I can’t really see the point of this


  I never received the echo dot!


  Have to shout at it to hear me


  Worked well until speaker became distorted after 3 months use.


  Not that good


  alexa set up app is useless


  Poor speaker noise


  what crap with the smart bulb


  Not very good


  Not very good


  not a bad alarm clock .. all the quizzes are about america overall it pish


  Not good as google


  Bought last week for £34.99 and now reduced to £22!


  Not great


  Seems very slow for your request


  Didn't like this product as it didn't work


  Faulty wont connect item cant contact amazon ???


  Trash she needs hearing aids


  Only one has turned up and the box is all opend


  Hi Carnt get Alexa to connect to WiFi


  Cant get it going . Wont go to wifi .


  Brilliant!


  Keeps cutting out and I have to keep resetting it


  ITS BEEN STOLEN!!!


  Would love to review it if I could get it to work!!!


  Not very good talks at random times


  Can’t get the thing to work


  It took 10 days to connect to my Wi-fi


  Have used it since Xmas


  At the moment it's a 1 star. The speaker keeps distorting & the Amazon customer service is a joke.


  Faulty echo dot.


  Didn't know that each item had to pay a subscription so the price goes too high.


  S h I t don’t bother


  can't get it set up. didn't realize was going to have pay monthly for music


  Overpriced and poor quality


  Waste of time


  Not fit for purpose!


  Volume for alarm very low which request higher volume


  Far to intrusive and hard to set up with phone app.


  Had it for a day then stopped working 


  It cant connect to the internet


  Have to reconnect every time i wish to use it


  Rubbish


  Asked it to play local radio stations and could not get


  Still trying to get this thing to work!


  Don't work with Samsung


  Good product good reception  5star


  Could not even get it connected!!


  I think the speaker is faulty


  Everthink about I like


  Cannot get it to hook up to my wifi


  It no good


  I haven’t bought this item!


  I cannot connect this. It is proving difficult to start up.


  I haven't  received this item


  Does not respond to voice


  Terrible sound quality and isn’t much use at all


  Please can you help as my echo dot not working?


  The product arrived damaged.


  Extremely disappointed with sound quality


  Doesn’t work!


  Never ordered one


  It doesn’t listen well and randomly stops playing music


  Wish I got the bigger one


  I didn’t buy one??


  Horrendous hardly works


  Complete waste of money.


  Doesn't work, waste of money


  Very disappointed Alexa does not listen at all close to binning it


  Setting it up was rubbish


  Waste of money


  Not working with music app


  Have to repeat everything twice


  Arrived not working.Literally useless


  I was expecting it to be much louder than it is


  No good as I thought


  Amazon customer service so rude


  no happy


  Poor quality


  Easy to use


  Doesnt work!!!!


  Music


  Doesn’t work!!


  Cannot get started


  Not all functions work


  This advert claims price reduced to $29.99 but does not configure.


  The integration is lacking. 2019 and it cannot control a Sony TV from 2018.


  Glorified speaker really.


  Crap. Tinny sounding.


  Came broken not happy


  This thing is fairly pointless.


  Over rated.


  Absolute con!! Try asking it to create a playlist is like trying to negotiate with ISIS!!


  Music and info in the bedroom


  Na


  Sound quality is crap


  Could not get it to work


  does not work ,returned


  Crackling for some reason :(


  General info and music


  Not what I expected


  Keeps turning off , not listening


  Can’t get it to work after following all theInstructions


  It okay


  I never had this item?


  I have recived my item


  Is not working yet.


  Absolute pain to set up, given up it’s going back


  Love it Alexa perfect


  Not good


  I don’t like and I want to return back is pointless


  Not as expected


  Won’t connect to my wifi


  Horrible


  The fact that these extra cost involved made it not worthwhile


  Won’t sync with Spotify


  sound quality very bad


  cfvcxvcxgxfg


  Poor


  sometim it blocks


  I think it is made for children


  Bought it with a month wait time only to receive it the same week as it 40% down!


  


  i hate it


  Does not work


  A


  x


  Can’t take it out of charge


  I love echo dot


  Just so bAd


  don’t work


  Bad gadget


  This one will not work it keeps saying go to app I bought it for a present


  Bad


  Usless.


  Shocking


  Waste of money unless you Kit your whole house out with Alexa compatible products


  Didn't even get the package


  Waste of time, only good for music.


  Not capturing wat im sayin!


  Can not play personal music


  Not recieved


  Not good


  Not worth the money


  ok if no tv on apart from tht hav to shout


  There should have been an inbuilt battery


  I like its very good sound is great


  Music stops halfway through everytime


  No


  N/a


  I did not like this product because I was charged twice for it. Beware


  Waste of money


  Sound is terrible


  Crap


  Sound quality was terrible, as soon as I got it set up the sound was crackly


  no parcell


  Awful


  I ordered this product in error


  Instructions are useless


  Just like it think it’s great


  What a load of crap


  Hard to set up and kept loosing the signal


  Dead quality


  She’s won’t learn my voice


  Loven my echo


  The sound is totally distorted


  The sound on mine is crackling as it speaks needs returning.


  Load of rubbish!!


  Doesn’t know the answers to much


  Very tinny and distorted sounds


  It disconnects all the time


  will not concect to wh if and will lnot take back


  Amazon can't find any devices so it does not work.


  Cant connect


  The sound quality is not so great


  It won't connect to internet.


  the radio very poor


  Connection break


  Shocking wont  sync


  Rubbish keeps losing WIFI connection.


  I dont own one


  Does not always reconise things


  Doesn’t work


  it is hard to used, not easy To Link with bluethoo


  It is not working an it was a Christmas present!!!


  It is all fine


  Not very useful , does not respond sometimes


  Broke in less than a week


  Didn’t work really disappointed


  Junk


  The box was open


  Poor product very overrated


  Doesn’t work


  You cannot phone your contacts if they do not have Alexa, plays streaming music if your signed up to a streaming service, it cannot access kindle, to read books you must sign up to Audible Library £7 a month, asked for supermarket opening times for a Sunday it gave me weekday opening times, bit rubbish really, you get the impression from Amazon it will do loads, it will if you pay, the games are free though, I bought two, I've returned one, I cannot find a practical use for Alexa that's free, £50 is a lot to pay when you have to sign up and pay monthly to get any practical use from it, Alexa is Amazon's little money box, don't bother!!


  I bought an echo and love it, I added two dots. Having problems with the radio playing continuously. The radio stops and you have to ask again. Customer service has been poor, long time spent on the live chat then on the phone, with the usual advice to reset then a whole load of other stuff, unplugged and left, they were doing something remotely, said they’d ring back and disn’t. Anyway on both the radio plays for 9 minutes, 17 minutes, 8 minutes but not continuously. Apparently according to Amazon this is a problem with my WiFi, yet I have no problem with on the echo..... so they are in the boxes and going back tomorrow. A waste of money....


  Just had to return this, after having tried for the past hour to get it working. When you download the app, nothing happens. Such a shame given other reviews. Might be just my device but seems a little strange given the reviews on the App Store too, so might be best to check both reviews if you’re considering buying one!


  The hardware is good, but like many such gadgets nowadays, all owners are totally subject to the ongoing vagaries and whims of the software and its providers. By which I mean that if one buys an Echo today based on its current capabilities or features, one can no longer rely on those features being available for the life of the device.For example, the BBC and other radio providers recently withdrew from TuneIn. Tunein is Echo's primary 'app' (skill) for playing radio. One of the most useful features of Alexa, imho, are Routines. Routines are sets of actions that one can program into echo. A routine can be used as a sophisticated alarm. My routines include a sequence of events (news headlines, weather, fact of the day) and then plays a radio. Like a radio alarm of old but with extras (and more expensive of course). Since the BBC (and ClassiC FM) withdraw from TuneIn, my routines no longer play the channels I want. Sure, I can speak to the echo and play those channels, but then I may as well have bought a cheap radio tbh.I have tried to add other radio channels to my routines, but the echo has no list of available channels, and one can type any channel name, but when the routine plays and it isn't available, then Alexa doesn't play anything. You can still type 'BBC Radio 6' into a routine, for example, and the routine will be saved ok, but the station won't be playedThere have been other occasions where a skill I've used regularly is simply withdrawn without warning, so you're left shouting at the thing and it can't find it. Amazon are great at sending new of 'what's new' but don't communicate the loss of features, skills or other issues. Whenever the Alexa service goes down (and no devices will work at all), there is no communication, no apology, no explanation. I find the technical support offering from Amazon for these devices is quite inadequate too. Staff don't understand how people use the devices and any deep technical knowledge doesn't seem to be available to support staff.I have three Echo devices of various flavours and there has been slow progress over the years in adding features that make the echo much more than a glorified radio and child's gimmicky toy, so I'm not planning on buying any more until I see significant improvements in the service.Your experience may differ, and I do use the echo for timers and other things which are quite useful, but I am keenly aware that those features may be removed at any time. I think it's important to consider that the device, Echo, is nothing but a conduit for one particular service - Alexa - and that users have absolutely no control over which services/features/apps will be available in the future.


  LET ME BE CLEAR - THIS ISN'T ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE (AI) OR MACHINE LEARNING (ML) BY ANY STRETCH OF THE IMAGINATIONWow... Alexa is TERRIBLE.I say "turn on the bedroom lights" and Alexa turns on one light in the bedroom....I say "turn on the bedroom" and Alexa turns on the bedroom lights...I say "set a timer for 15 minutes" and when I say "cancel my alarm" Alexa tells me I don't have any alarmsI say "set an alarm for 15 minutes" and when I say "cancel my alarm" Alexa tells me I don't have any alarmsI forget the name of the overhead light and I say "what are the lights in the bedroom called?... Alexa refers me to the app.When playing an audio book, I say "go back to the start of the chapter"... Alexa tells me she is looking for music by 'back to the chapter'When playing an audio book, I say "pause playback" and Alexa does.... when I say "resume playback" she doesn't start the audiobook but the last music I was listening to.When I say "set sleep timer for XXX minutes" Alexa responds with an overly verbose bunch of bs. Just say "15 mins ok" because, guess what, the hint is in the name - sleep timer... I don't want a ruddy chat.Just a few of the annoying things Alexa does that make me want to give google a try. I'm so disappointed that a company like Amazon cannot use the resources available to it via AWS to produce something better.  So far, all I can see, is a list of commands, some voice recognition in the middle and absolutely no AI, machine learning or anything that might indicate Alexa is something more than a voice activated switch.


  We now have 3 Alexa devices throughout our flat.  We have Alexa enabled lights, heaters and vacuum. The problem being that 75% of the time we ask her to do something “Alexa turn bedroom light on” she says either “ok” and does nothing, or tells us “something went wrong” or “this is not supported”. It’s driving us crazy she will work fine one minute then refuse to do anything for ages then randomly work again.  Her blip noise she makes to confirm she’s listening is not in proportion to the volume you set the device, so while the actual voice/music may be playing at 1-2 when she blips you it’s more like 8! There are far more annoying unreliable features than there are useful ones.  I seriously regret spending so much money on Alexa and Alexa enabled devices, might as well as a monkey to do the tasks as by pure coincidence it’s likely to get it right as often as she does.Don’t get me wrong, when she works she’s great, it’s just that she hardly ever does work. Perhaps a serious software update is due?


  I bought this as a Christmas present for a friend so she could play the same music upstairs as downstairs. She has Amazon Prime subscription and a Amazon Music Single Device Plan subscription as this sufficed for her current set up (1 Amazon Echo 3rd gen). I thought as it would be the same music then her subscription plan would suffice but no, it wont play simultaneously unless she upgrades her Amazon Music plan - I could understand if she was trying different music on each device!  Perhaps Amazon can explain why this restriction exists.The actual Alexa Echo and the Echo dot are both great items (as I am sure the other Echo devices are too) but it is very very disappointing they wont work together without yet more monthly subscription. Surely £126.88 each year (£79 + 12 * £3.99) should be sufficient for the multi room function to work for the same music to played simultaneously.In general I would recommend the product to a friend but now I would get them to fully research the additional costing that may be involved to make it work in the way that they want it to.


  Good sound quality, but Alexa really is quite stupid compared to Google Assistant.For example, if you ask “set the volume to 80%”, it quickly tells you to only set volume in numbers from 1 to 10, completely pointlessly.Also, if you ask it, for example, to “change the time of my 8:30 alarm to 10:00” it tells you to use the Alexa app.Also, if you say at 1am, “set an alarm for 10am tomorrow”, it will think you mean the 10am in 34 hours time, not the one in the morning that most people would be thinking of.There are countless other examples. It’s especially poor with general knowledge or facts, clearly being stumped by the lack of Google’s vast search engine as a source.I’ve tested it and Google Assistant got these right every time. Amazon needs to do some serious work before this device is actually convenient and useful.


  I received this as a late Christmas present and was looking forward to using it.  It looks and sounds great on startup but it was only when I attempted to complete the installation by downloading the Alexa app on both my smartphone and tablet that I discovered that it needs Android 6! (I have Android 5 on the phone and tablet and appear incapable of updating to the latest version so, I'm having to return this device.  It's a pity because it looks and sounds so good.Update: had a LOOONG chat online with an Amazon customer service rep.  It now appears that, if you have a PC with only an Internet connection via Ethernet (i.e no inbuilt Wi-Fi in the PC) then it will not work!  I wonder how many PC's like mine that are still in use everyday who'se owners are being excluded from using this.At the conclusion of this unsuccessful episode I was promised a call from someone senior to resolve the issue successfully.  I have yet to receive a call.  So much for a supposed communications company!I AM NOT A HAPPY BUNNY!AMAZON - PLEASE MAKE THIS CLEAR IN YOUR DETAILS ABOUT THIS!


  The product manufacturer quality seemed good, however when I tested the item the sound wasn't very good, I love tech, I had a misconception that this item did much more that what it actually does, the setup process is not easy at all, it's tiresome, it is not a useful product at this stage, it cannot ask alexa questions about many subjects, she can't do meaningful searches, she can't do so many basic things, I am sorry to say it's not as easy nor as convenient as a Google home, I bought two when the 25 $ or so price was advertised, I ended returning both items because simply they where crap...I expected a seemless user experience, hoped for this product to be able to do o much more, every time I asked it to do something it said it couldn't be done, I want to play Spotify without a subscription or many many other things, I'd like to be more specific but really I don't have time for this, at least this would give you an idea of how I felt


  I helped my disabled neighbour set up his alexa but was completely disappointed to learn as I started his set his up that a mobile phone or laptop ARE Required to download the appliance to make it work,  My neighbour has neither a laptop or mobile phone and effectively had his Alexa but couldn’t do anything with it.  I looked at the specs and it is not listed anywhere that a mobile phone or laptop are MUST HAVE’S to make your Alexa perform.  I have a google dot and all I had to do was plug it in and switch it on and off she went.  My. neighbour has now been set up and loves his device but was terribly disappointed that items he didn’t have nor need were necessities to make it work.


  This will not access your priate network and play your own music files. In fact you cannot do anything without connecting to the internet first.  There is obviously a gap in the market for a device that has the A.I. embedded so you can access all the voice commands and run this on a private network and control your home devices that are also not connected to the internet and without ever connecting to a server outside your firewall.  In short, if you want it to play your own files, read your own documents to you, the Echo Dot is not for you. If you want your private files kept private then the Echo Dot is not for you.It would appear that the Echo Dot is just a dumb terminal with all the a.i. on servers outside your network. So  for me, it is just,  the most expensive bluetooth speaker I have ....and it won't even work without being plugged into the mains. It doesn't sdeem to have a rechargeable battery inside. What do I know. I've only had this five minutes and it was a gift. If I had wanted to use voice recognition software that required access to the internet, I already have this for free. Why pay for something you already have for free? So why buy a little bluetooth speaker that has very poor spound quality and is difficult to understand?Come on Amazon, this device should have its own a.i. chip with all the voice technology embedded and the a.i. having the ability to learn. It should be able to access home servers on a private network and also be able to find and index documents by type and locate files by voice command directions to folders and file names. There should be no need to ever register the device on the internet and outside your private firewall.  I have more functionality on my TV. than I can use on The Echo Dot.Conclusion : Just a very expensive bluetooth speaker.


  Don't pay money to have an audio bug installed in your home. There have already been numerous cases of these devices recording when they shouldn't be and sending data/recordings to random people.They, by design, record and profile you based on every bit of information you give them - information that can only be used to sell you products and for more nefarious political purposes.Installing this in your home is a complete removal of your privacy and paves the way for more in-home totalitarian surveillance. Do not buy if you value privacy, freedom of speech or democracy.


  My daughter had this for an Xmas present. Just spent hours going round in circles on the Alexa App trying to set it up. Seems to think we are on a public wi-fi network requiring third part action then just freezes. Alexa App 'Help' section is referred to somewhere along the way but it doesn't exist, just some general FAQ's via Settings. Disappointed.UPDATE - to be fair Amazon responded with a phone call explaining I need to turn off Smart setup on my BT Router. Bit of a faff working this out via My BT but once done it's been no trouble..


  The worst money spent. Doesn’t hear if music plays, doesn’t recognise voice , i have to repeat several times and it starts playing random music. Any foreign music (e.g. French) impossible to recognise for Alexa unless I say it with British accent ! How silly!The worst thing is that it plays only 2 songs and stops . If I ask second time it plays entire playlist. Clearly not willing to work with Spotify.No other use except playing music really, a timer sometimes ...


  Awful product. I’ve unfortunately invested in quite the amazon eco system and it pains me how awful it is. Constant pushing for products such as amazon family music, even though I’m asking the simple tasks of playing music in my kitchen. On one device. It then streams to my hallway echo. Several requests later it’s still asking if I would like to stream in the kitchen. Completely ignores me every time. System is so buggy. Want it to play thunderstorms at 3am? Well it can, but randomly it’ll also try and push a ducking app sale too. I don’t want some app offering. I want it to play the damn previous track of thunderstorms I’ve played a gazillion times before. I’m burnt out with putting up with how buggy and irritating Alexa can be. Not for me.


  Fine for a cheap speaker that will last nearly a year.Sound quality average. If anything, I would advise getting the larger unit for £60-80.Amazon customer service are very good for returns, particularly when it's their own products that fail!We used in kitchen, master bedroom, guest bedroom.One by one they all failed. Will return them all.Would not recommend buying these unfortunately...


  After purchasing 3 devices for Christmas and New year we find that they do operate seamlessly with a mesh WiFi network. Our home WiFi is rock solid but they are not predictable in how they operate. Although 1 network of some connect on a 5Ghz stream and others on the 2.4Ghz stream they consider it 2 networks. Other devices just cope. The Alexa app on Android is slowAfter speaking to Amazon customer service advised we can return all 3.


  Probably the worst speakers ever when it comes to pairing through apps. I have been trying for the last 2 hours to play music from my spotify after my brother’s was already linked but I have to do so many processes in order to get what I want.Different guides on google were not helpful besides the fact that this device makes it so hard to connect with your devices and apps.Why can’t I simply connect through bluetooth and hit play on my music?In my opinion it is useless and not worth the hassle when I could pay for more expensive or cheaper speakers without Alexa and run by other Artificial Intelligence systems that will allow me to collect through bluetooth, click play and lay down.Gave me such a headache and still trying to figure out. I give up. I would avoid at all cost.


  I actually have the previous generation Echo dot.It used to be fantastic, had a great amount of music available to stream from amazon and you could stream your own music to it from other sources.Gradually since I have had mine the functionality of being able to stream to the dot from other devices has gone, and the music available on prime has considerably reduced. I find my dot just plays the same stuff in random orders regardless what station etc you ask it to play. Its got so bad and boring ive actually unplugged my dot and gone back to my Bluetooth speaker and just stream off my phone like I used too.Dare I say it seems amazon are just trying to force you to take up ultimate music.....As such gone from what would have been 5 stars to 1. Longevity of the product is short, ive hardly had mine long and seen massive reductions in the product in that time


  Don’t bother. Get the Google Home instead. Owned the gen 1 for more than 2 years and it’s extremely disappointing. Presumably the latest gen is still on the same tech otherwise makes this review even worse; disrespecting prior customers. Alexa is completely useless you may as well ask a wall to do things for you. It’s like talking to a robot who understands the most basic commands, and still can’t even act on them. Waste of time and money. Disappointing.


  Very annoying - the yellow ring now starts to flash randomly once or twice a week. As we have an echo in the bedroom, we often don't notice this during the day but only after you have gone to sleep - wakes us up in the night. I understand now that this is alerting us to an Amazon notification, but there has been absolutely no information from Amazon about this change or how to turn it off.


  Disappointingly poor.  Badly designed app.  Non-intuitive pairing with other devices.  Cannot get it to do the simplest of thingsIke control a Fire TV.  This should be dead simple.  “Alexa, pair Fire TV”, “Alex play ...” but no.  Alexa doesn’t recognise any skills that allow the Fire TV to be controlled.  Just tells you to go to the Alexa app.  In the App, the Fire Stick is paired, but even the app won’t play anything.  Whoever coded this rubbish should be ashamed.


  I was given this as a gift for my birthday and it worked great for the first few weeks. After a few weeks the sound would start turning itself down and getting really quiet. When I would ask it to do something it would not do what I asked it would just turn off. Finally after a couple more weeks struggling with it it stopped responding to Alexa.This is an overall rubbish product I would defiantly not recommend it. The Apple Home Pod is a lot better!


  We purchased one of these just over 12 months ago. The sound just decided to stop working one day. We have not had problems with other echo devices in our home. We spoke to customer service, they were extremely unhelpful and said because was not in warranty still we could not be given a replacement. We were not offered repair only a derisory 15% off a new purchase which was not a significant saving given the device is faulty. I’m sure this has happened to other customers and Amazon really need to look at their customer care more closely it was absolutely awful. I think they are making so much money they don’t care to help customers with product issues.


  All I want this dot to do is put radio one on but it's not that simple as she constantly tells me about other stations to which I have to wait or shout over her which is ridiculous.The wife has gone because she didnt do as she was told but I like the look of the dot so will hang on and hopefully Amazon will sort this issue.


  I brought a few of these each for the bedroom to play music and an echo for the kitchen, turns out in order to play different music on each device you need to spend an extra £140 a year, as if amazon don't make enough money. For £80 a year they can play music but only one device at a time.I would not have bothered if I new, will be swapping to another system soon :(


  The early gen version had good voice recognition, you end up shouting at it. Tried bashing it to wake it up.  Getting it to turn on the lights is not voice automation. However with the echo plus that is perfect. If you are going to get one the tall echo plus won't disappoint. Would be nice to have a tone or bass treble control.


  I subscribed to music unlimited and said the offer for new new subscribers only, I cancelled immediately, no point having a subscription you can't use :DWhen I first clicked the link it said I was not eligible for the offer, so gathered I had to subscribe, then i do and I am not eligible as I am an existing customer for all of 2 minutes, I just guess I did not follow the right links or the correct protocol, no big loss either way in my house it would most probably be an expensive clock :D


  We suspect that this item was a used item repacked and sen to us. There are clear signs of damage on the device and marks which confirm the previous use.  Very disappointed as this was bought as a gift for someone. Poor customer service and this should be rectified ASAP. Don’t buy this item , complete waste of money and you will be disappointed.


  Asked it to play "en love by lizzo", it played cuz I love you by lizzo. Asked it to play "en love by lizzo" again, it played truth hurts by lizzo. Gave up with that song and asked it to play "coconut oil by lizzo", Alexa replied "coconut oil by lizzo on Amazon music" then played worship by lizzo. Asked it to play the song "worship by lizzo", it replied "I can't find that album". Asked it to play "worship me by lizzo" and it said "worship by lizzo on Amazon music". Asked it to play music by lizzo and it played en love, the song it couldn't find before, I asked it what that song was called and it pronounced it the exact same as me but it still doesn't recognise it when you ask.


  Good devices... until they break, typically just after the warranty period runs out.My devices were good and got plenty of use, but sadly they can stop working (stuck with a blue light that comes on, goes around in circles then goes off after about 30 seconds or so) right after the warranty period, and the only thing Amazon can do is offer a 15% reduction on the purchase of another device.Pity. I'll now be trying competitor's products as this shouldn't happen.


  Honestly this device is only useful for setting alarms and switching on and off other devices. Forget trying to ask Alexa for any information from the internet...”sorry, I don’t know that one” is the most commonly heard phrase from this glorified brick. Voice recognition is a joke, 80% of the time she ignores you or misunderstands what you’re saying, or interrupts you half way though your sentence. Save yourself the headaches and lost voice from shouting at it...get a Google Play.


  I have tried using a mobile phone and laptop. I have powered the thing off about 20 times but still no joy. There are no instructions all it tells you to do is download the app and follwo the instructions which doesnt work even if you try to follow the manual set up. Think this will be going back as a bad job. I have set up servers that are easier than this


  These smart plugs need to be plugged into an existing socket, and then the item/s you wish to smart control plugged into the smart socket.  The size of these plugs by definition means that if your socket has an on off switch (`As most sockets do), the smart plug covers the switch on the socket (Worse, it leaves it in a semi on/off position leading to arching).  Simply these could be dangerous with BS standard sockets like mine...  Even putting that terrible failure aside, with my BT router these do not link to the wifi (I plugged one into a 4 gang extension socket  that does not have switches that could be interfered with) it wouldn't connect to the wifi.  If you have standard electrical sockets and or BT Wi fi you're wasting your time and money, worse your potential safety.  DO NOT BUY (I do not yet have an alternative that I can recommend).


  Dot is advertised as working amongst other places in ones car using ones phone to access internetI can get dot to work with wifi through phone line but very difficult to do so with my phoneOn contacting help support phone line I was tolda) this IS possibleb)  this is NOT possible and to return the dot for refundc) it is possible but it will ave an old firmware version - leave it plugged in to someone's wifi for couple of days and it should update on its nowIt STILL does not work with my phone  I cannot face phoning to get conflicting advice again


  Because I cant be bothered anymore. People have abandoned me and they dont want to be my servant. So, Im just going to do everything that Jeremy Clarkson says, because hes a demi-god...if only Alexa could pick up my socks... why cant this thing have arms on it too?


  Bought this so my father could use it as an intercom, unfortunately unless you have a mobile phone (which my father doesn't as there's no mobile signal at his house, you can't enable communications which effectively means you can't use it as an intercom - so it's useless unless / until I buy a mobile phone specifically to install the Alexa app.


  I was disappointed that Alexa didn’t respond to all commands very well. Sometimes one thing I was listening to would carry on in the background despite trying to stop it. It also would not let me connect with the Bluetooth on my stereo. I have now got an amazon echo 3rd generation and so far it’s a lot better to use.


  looked to connect but was offline. reset 10 times.Same result."Unable to understand please try again later". Absolute rubbish.I even enable UPnP, opened ports specifically redirected to the Echo Dot.Still the same result.


  The most frustrating device Ive ever had the misfortune to use it only does what it is told 1out of 100 times. Skills it has suddenly stop working replaced by it saying "there is no skill enabled". You find your self arguing with a small speaker which has the most condescending tone telling you your the one in the wrong.


  I bought this at a reduced price - and I'm glad I did, because it's a massively over-hyped product. To make it do anything useful is an awkward pain and even then, there's nothing it can do that my phone can't. It has ended up being a glorified clock radio. The sound quality is OK, but only once you adjust the EQ to get rid of the booming sound it comes with as standard. Think twice before buying one. I would not be at all surprised to hear that other similar products suffer from the same advertising hype.


  What have we all paid £35 for if you're also adding adverts to news reports on the Alexa service? Amazon makes enough money as is, this is beyond greedy. If we all buoycotted these products there's a chance they might stop them.


  Used to be brilliant unfortunately it becomes unresponsive to instructions.Perhaps the AI not always at is best and yet to wait for an update.Not recommending yet!!


  I brought this fabric Echo dot as a gift but why is the plug this way i ordered it for united kingdom so why have i got a plug thats not for my country , i dont understand why plug is like this theres no adaptors with the device can you explain whats has gone wrong as it is its of no use to me so please help me it does not deserve 1 star but had to put something i wouldnt even give it 1/2 star im upset customerSignedLouise smith


  Avoid,Avoid, Avoid....!!! Had one bought as a gift and wouldn’t connect to the internet. Tried everything from resetting the device and my home router but still wouldn’t connect. Having read many online forums regarding this major issue I found out I was not the only one experiencing this! There is nothing wrong with my internet as other devices all connect easily.. The customer support is virtually non existent.. wasted a day trying to set up and will be returning the item post haste..!!!


  Thought this was an extra hob to go on the Samsung oven. Blew up the house, tried to fry a fresh lamb joint. Kids are starving and the mrs is crying, very misleading product wouldnt wish this upon my worst enemy.


  This 3rd Generation Alexa is absolute rubbish. It just keeps turning the radio off itself and doesn’t react when I say ‘Alexa’. You have to actually shout Alexa in order for the echo dot to react.I have the 2nd generation echo dot too and it is A LOT better than this 3rd one. I wish they brought back the 2nd generation


  I swiped over too Virgin TV and WIFI biggest mistake, now I carnt get Alexa too work. Tried and Tried but just not connect, Help


  The main reason I got the Echo dot was to use it as a bluetooth speaker with my phone (using Spotify), however it was pretty terrible at this basic job. It would keep cutting out, then speeding up the music to catch up. I thought I would use it for other things, but I didn't, and don't think I ever would have. All the extra things you can do with it seem pointless to me. I have now sent it back and I'm waiting for my refund.


  I can't believe people buy this trash, when asking it questions it is unbelievable the lies that have been decoded into this by whomever or whatever in Amazon. For example it's saying that there are more than 2 genders   I doubt somebody is on A LOT of drugs. Frigging ridiculous  and people have this thing in the house around kids. Shocking all together. Thats just 1 of many ludricrous remarks it camw out with . No way will I or anyone I know be having this rubbish in their homes 


  I bought this this listen seamlessly to music and radio without adverts between rooms.  Not all skills (most notably BBC) support multi-room listeing I find this renders my primary use redundant and I regret buying the extra speaker


  This product is honestly trash, poor search engine, poorly interacts with other devices and sound quality is subpar! would 100 percent get a refund if i could. poorly understands and interprets commands especially compared to Googles smart speaker. I can only assume that the positive reviews on this are people who dont have a Google Home ! please avoid


  playing any music (not loud) I had to shout at it to get it do do anything, not good for stress levels or blood pressure.


  Received it in time.Not working at all.Can't recommend it as it is not working for me so no product reviews.Not worth to spend money on this.


  Always turning itself on and off on its own.  Terrible voice recognition.  Beyond return window now so useless.


  I can't express how terrible this thing is to set up once you change wifi password. I had tried so many things literally everything you can find on the internet and the help section. It s a complete nightmare and I just want to smash and this piece of garbage away


  Loved echo when I received it few weeks ago, however had to get new router and echo won't reconnect. Despite trying all instructions and getting advice from advisor. Really upset to be putting it away in box as wasting too much time retrying.


  Who really wants a device listening it on all of your conversations and recording everything that happens in your home.


  Great if you don't mind losing your privacy, and you don't mind the device sending your conversation to others.


  A legal invasion of privacy, just ask for your 'personal data report' from Amazon.


  Not sure why I keep getting asked to review this never ordered one never received one


  if i'm going to voluntarily bug my house i want it to be able to answer even the most rudimentary questions 90% of the questions i ask it responds with "sorry i dont know that one". the only positive thing i can say about this garbage device is that it's a decent egg timer 2/10.


   It started off quite well with everything working but we’ve had it for about 2 months and suddenly it cannot play any music anymore. This is extremely annoying as it is pretty much what we bought it for - very disappointing from a company like amazon.


  Item returned this item at least a month  ago  no sign of refund, do have reciept


  Does not seem to work with Spotify in Ireland as it says it is broken due to a geographical restriction. Please fix and I will edit the review untill then it is a broken device that worked until this latest geo lock update I would not have bought it if I knew Spotify would get geo locked


  The device didn't recognise my voice, and wouldn't connect to my internet.


  Very disappointed in the power cable changing.Previous generations of Echo dot have a USB power cable (with a standard micro-USB connector).Now the power cable has a new connector, which does not allow to use the device abroad.Much better before!


  Tried Echo dot for a week before giving up.  My phone does all that the dot does and more: my phone can play BBC radio, the dot cannot; my phone can search for answers quickly, the dot has to asked in 15 different ways before it comes up with the answer the phone got first time.


  Cannot get it to work


  Would not connect to virgin super hub so pretty useless to me. Gave it to my son and it works fine on his BT hub. Nice product but connection problems need to be sorted!!.


  The whole setup process was very very difficult and still no result the Alexa will not connect to my Wi-Fi while all my other gadgets in the house 10 of them have no problems accessing my Wi-Fi. Just for your information I’m using sky broadband and I cannot connect my Alexa to the Wi-Fi very disappointed


  Bought thought I was getting a bargain when arrived its a reconditioned one very very upset and disapointed


  So Dissatisfied! And disappointed been at my alexa for about 2 hours! With customer service "messaging" me and still not got it set up! Got it for my xmas and still not got it working!


  I ordered this item some time ago and was informed it had been left next door but there is no one next door so I have no idea where the item is and who signed for it


  Unable to configure it.  Instructions in the box are very short and useless.  Tells you to go to the app.  Downloaded app.  App very difficult to follow.  Unable to set it up.  Looking very pointless.  Don't waste your money on this.  I'm pretty tech savvy but this has me stumped.


  It’s one thing having someone bug your own home. It’s another thing doing it voluntarily on their behalf. But to actually pay to be bugged takes the meaning of insanity it to a whole new level.


  The sound quality is poor. The apps don't work very well or other gadgets have to be bought. Most responses are "hm, i don't know that."The speaker and timer functions on my S10 are better. Can't see the point.


  I particularly wanted it to listen to the radio. I am extremely disappointed as it only appears to receive one local station. Even this reception is not great, it keeps losing the signal and completely cuts out.


  I’ve had it for 1 month and the speaker is crackly and it’s response to answering is very poor. Amazon want to send me a refurbished model ! I’ll have a refund thanks. 3 older models round the house are fine. Not a happy customer. Shame I couldn’t give it no stars


  I couldn’t get it to work unless I paid the premium fee. I thought that once bought that it was free to use. I feel swindled.


  Didnt connect to internetTried to get it to work for daysEnded up returning it


  It worked great for first few weeks. Now it won't play anything from my Amazon music account, the reminders have disappeared off my phone and off the Echo and despite many attempts I have now given up.


  I simply could not get this device to work at all.  I followed the instructions and fully connected the device to the system, but when I ask Alexa a question, it replies by saying, 'I cannot reply at the moment, please try again later'.


  This would not connect to my phone or computer despite downloading all the apps recommended. A waste of hours of my time trying. Who needs it unless you are totally incapacitated , even then I do not know what good it would do you! Not great, a gift from my beloved that went immediately back to the store that it was purchased from.


  It isn't immediately apparent that this device is not wireless, especially in an age when all similar items are . It made me feel stupid and annoyed when it arrived. It is made worse to find out that there are wireless spea.kers on the market that the 2nd Gen Dot can fit into, but the newer version cannot


  No good unless you have Spotify premium or amazon music unlimited.  Assumed my prime membership would cover it but apparently not


  What’s the point of Alexa when it doesn’t recognise any playlist name on Spotify, very disappointing. I haven’t tried any other devices yet but after this experience I’ll probably leave everything alone and just do things manually.


  I received a package today that should of been gift wrapped for a present and wasn’t wrapped but took the money off me not happy won’t be ordering again


  Didn’t purchase but set up the dot for a relative.


  Cannot get this item to work .it was fine to start now speaking foreign language??  Cant get it to change . Please advise what to do .


  A question I asked when I bought the Echo dot  is can you listen to Radio 2 and the answer was yes but in actual fact the answer should have been NO you can't!  What a waste of money


  I don’t think the sound quality is good enough for listening to music.


  I did not purchase this item therefore I don’t understand why I’m being asked to review it. It’s not in my “purchased” items list.


  How do i set this up on android phone not happy so far it's saying open on Apple store please can you send me a return note not happy


  Sorry - I don’t trust a tax dodger like Amazon with protecting my personal data (as per recent Which? Report). So I don’t really use. Save your money and use it elsewhere.


  Honestly this item is great I've gave it 1 star because of the amount of times I've received a email to review it they've constantly asked me since Christmas it's doing my head in now


  Great so unlike Spotify you're not rewarding current customers just new ones. I know who I'll be changing to when my membership ends


  Poor quality sound, poor voice control have to repeat instructions. Keeps disconnecting from PC


  The only thing I dislike about Alexa is that I've told her to sit up and then 2 minutes later she started playing again


  After good and evil there was good and alexa


  This item was a generous but unwanted gift. I have barely used it, unless the giver is present. I am unlikely to make ise of most of its clever features


  Costs £50, has no features apart from the basic ones , can’t ask it to stream music unless using Spotify premium and requires other purchases for it to function which adds up to near £100 pounds then £10 a month continuously


  Awful, doesn't connect at all!


  Got alexa for Christmas present. Crap. My husband could not install on my samsung android  phone.


  Never purchased this item just looked it up but keep being asked to review it ‍♂️


  Absolute crap it took me that long to sync with my phone and Spotify I gave it away, its an amazon selling device


  I don't like the fact that the unit was faulty when new at Christmas and has not been replaced. I have had to give a star rating though it deserves none.


  Why is the offer only available to new subscribers ? No loyalty for existing subscribers.


  It doesn’t say anything about that you need the premium of music apps in which was the whole reason for why I bought this and was very disappointed when I found out


  Carp!!!! I'd totally avoid buying it been trying to connect it since Christmas day definitely wont be recommending to anyone.


  A lot of hazel for what is basically a toy. Unless you have a high level of knowledge of computer programming it is more or less impossible to set up.


  We just cannot connect this item to wifi via desk top computer, chromebook or Fire and so we are unable to use it.  We do not have a smart phone.  Very frustrating.


  Dear Customers I have owned this item for two mins and it broke.  I could not be bothered to talk with amazon so I would advice that you never buy this as it is  just cheap junk.


  I put these things around my home, no one ever uses them. I quickly realised they are pointless.


  No thank you.


  rubish product, always leads you to accept paid service and not understanding different voices.


  Sent it back did not want to pay £7.99 to music service that I already pay on my amazon echo


  It worked initially and then stopped saying unable to connect to the internet. We hadn’t changed anything ☹️


  Speaker sounds like has blown and very runny, awaiting new one to be sent


  Not as good gen2, gets the speech wrong all the time. Have to say Alexa twice to wake it up. Not that impressed.


  Did not work have since binned it absolute waste of money


  Absolutely awful.


  It’s awful doesn’t know anything and says to every question sorry I don’t know


  Box was empty


  Half of things Alexa don't know


  It’s useless. Nothing for free .


  Item stopped working after a few months


  Bad speaker, voice recognition terrible google home way better


  Do not buy a 3rd generation they are ALOT worse than the 2nd gen models. If your looking for an echo get a gen 2


  Solves no problems that anyone has. Complete waste of time and money.


  Never came


  Bought off someone second hand and it got black listed-_-


  Unable to set up due to old phone and tablet. Returned for credit


  Can't connect , doesn't recognise, waste of time.


  poor sound...buy the plus instead


  Review from truth or dare


  I keep repeating myself most of the time


  Doesn't really do as much as amazon makes out


  Didn't even get it


  Literally doesn't understand 90% of what I'm saying. Just go get a Google home.


  Stopped working after 1 month


  We are still strugglingbto set it ip


  Looking for Google Home but this is all they seem to sell


  test


  cumbersome set up


  It keeps disconnecting


  Not as good as the first one


  Bad quality item, dont bother


  Bad voice recognition


  THREE YEARS...and Alexa still can't tell that "Turn the TV on" and "Turn TV On" mean the same thing..so frustrating.


  Absolutely rubbish device.  I just cant get online with this and I've already taken two of them back to argos because they both just dont work. I had loads of help from the amazon team and other people to get it going for me and it just didnt happen. So the amazon team told me to take it back to argos and buy one from amazon instead And now I been having the same problems with this new device as well . I'm Totally disgraced with this. I'm not happy at all. Nothing but a peice of garbage. I can only put it down to maybe an android phone is not compatable with echo dot because that's the phone I'm using. If it is then it shouldn't be like that


  I regret it is not what we had in mind. The Requirement was to play a celection of Classical Music - not Pop Clasical !when asking Alexis to play eg the carnival of animals  only available if subscibe & £3-99p .The music sound is very harsh when we found something to lisen to and relax.We will not be keeping it. With regrets !


  I love the idea of home assistants. However, by the fact that Amazon give them away with almost any purchase it makes me suspicious that there is something more sinister going on. Amazon track you online and now they can study what music you like, when you wake up, how you schedule your life. I got my echo for free and there is the old saying that if something is free, you are the product.Conspiratorial paranoia aside, the sound quality of the echo is very poor. Alexa’s voice is distorted and music sounds blunt and imprecise.  Compared to the Apple HomePod which is immersive and deep the echo is like a market stall Bluetooth speaker.


  No I thought it should be more intelligent and the fact that The tone of the music is very gritty and her commands is that she’s not that intelligent she doesn’t know much at all. Very happy no ..


  It’s teally not much use if your from the Republic of Ireland unless you only want it for setting reminders or playing radio stations. If you live in Ireland you can’t get Amazon Music which is free but not to the Republic. Crazy but true. So really IMO it’s not worth it as it won’t play from you tube


  Sound quality very poor can’t answer half the questions I ask sick of hearing it say I don’t know that one.Not impressed at all so gave it away to my friends girl


  It did not work so I returned the Echo dot in the same box it was sent in. I used the scanned document sent but so fat I have received no refund. This approach was the same as the last item I returned which was an I phone cover which was for the wrong phone. Ver very disappointing.


  This was bought as a gift and taken to Cyprus but does not does not work abroad!


  Doesn’t do very much & comes alive at night


  Trouble with voice quality - tried to increase however seems control lost!


  Not something that has alot of use in our home. To my surprise it has a not standard power connector. So can not be used with standard USB chargers. What that also means is you can not carry it as a portable speaker. Needs mains connected at all times.


  If u have the power to turn it of and not responded to voice then u have the power to turn it back on


  This is something that gets boring after one day. I feel that it is way too expensive for what it is and it can’t connect to as much things as I would like.


  Alex's keeps freezing. It stopped working for 3 days. Alex's does not do most things that are suggested such as giving recipes, playing music, keeps saying she us not equipped to do so


  Brought this for my son for christmas didn't set it up until 2 weeks later and then found out the speaker had blown meaning it's useless suppose to be brand new but crap !


  I disliked it because when I asked Alexa to recognize my voice only I had to go online y should I have to do that ?


  Do not use it. Anything I might like you have to pay for. It just seems another way of spending money that is not necessary.9


  I did not buy my alexa with amazon


  Sometimes it doesn’t workIt keeps on saying that’s not supported yet


  I love my Alexa, I receive regular emails stating what I can do with my Alexa


  Amazon asking for more money to plays songs IF it can find them


  alexa has never worked for me complete waste of money


  It's awful unwanted gift


  rubbish delivery again the whole system has gone down the drain


  The product didn't work and it's been sent back.


  Just stopped working! So difficult to try and fix


  Was not impressed


  I purchased Alexa a few weeks ago now no longer working,  not responding to voice


  None


  WAS BOUGHT AS XMAS PRESANT DONT USE IT


  Dont working with youtube


  Useless and it’s not portable


  The most rubbish product ever people do not buy this item doesn't know how to do anything, even if you as it to search the web for a simple thing like what day is it or 1+1 what is it. Waste of money and waste of time I ran over mine with my car that was the best pleasure I ever got from this device.


  Not sure what has happened to Amazon’s customer service in the past year but it’s massively gone downhill fast. The echo dot was fine whilst it worked, but stopped working after 8 months and amazon are not willing to replace it because I bought it for and gave it too someone as a gift. Also 8 months old but they tried to claim it’s out of warranty (12 months).


  Only plays artist radio not the artist


  The app and alexa are awful has made me set it up so many times


  No instructions

